The second day of the trial largely belongs to the defence. They are given the extremely agonising task of the absolutely subterranean verdict of the first instance. in this court, my holy and miserable ass. my holy and miserable ass. To crucifixion? Good. Out the door, to the left row, one cross each... one cross, next. Crown attorney Fitzgerald bears it with patience and dignity, hardly looking at, listening to or noticing how agonising it must be (for him) to try and reduce this must be (for him) to bring this multi-stage derailed case back to any logical-argumentative basis. (Or to a human or legal or even humanly or legally comprehensible one).

The previous day, the prosecution’s personified dud had tried his hand at expertly conducting a legal-psychological CHAIN SEED MASSAKER to which selected expert witnesses and the and the expert opinions of the lower court, which were to were to fall victim to. Lewis had extensively harped on individual aspects and details which had, of course, been carefully extracted from their respective contexts of understanding, and, to put it conservatively, ZIEMLICH INNOVATIVELY interpreted. We learn from Dustin Hoffmann that such a slippery strategy apparently actually has a chance of success in an appeal, since the judges involved know the original judgement and its reasoning, but not but not the full contents of the case file on which it is based. Especially the witness interviews, of which there are no court transcripts, are only known to them insofar as they are introduced by the lawyers in the current appeal proceedings. in the present appeal proceedings. In short: THESE JUDGES HERE can be told just ANYTHING about the past. Really what you wants:

The EARTH is a creationist DISCIPLE; (according to witness testimony of Dr. G. Galilei, mathematician and astronomer, v. 22.6.1633. Stop, fun! The heretical adherence to the "Copernican world view" brought the Dottore a trial and there, of course, the death penalty).

RELATIVITY does not exist outside of its general and specific THEORY (which is, unfortunately, totally useless for social mobilisation as it is not understood by more people worldwide than the details of the case against Assange. It is about TWELVE in both cases);

Have you noticed the SPORTY FIGURE of Helge Braun...?

Really what you want. Because it’s all about making a case for your own in front of to create a favourable impression for one’s own side in front of for one’s own side, irrespective of whether or not this impression is still in a realistic relationship to the actual to the actual (or first-instance) facts of the case.

Augustine, by the way, defines A LIE as the deliberate utterance of the UNTRUTH in deception. Lewis, of course, did not do that. Lewis has lied like a professional, and professionals lie - for centuries - with NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH. Nothing in Lewis’ talk was false (in itself). The details, however, all true, like rum cherries from a disgusting cream pie, were nevertheless designed to INTENTIONALLY DECEIVE the appellate judges, for they were designed to create the impression, and to do so by deliberate pre-meditation, that Lewis had been able to destroy, by argument, Kopelman, an expert witness of unsurpassed aplomb. Everyone who was present at the time knows that the opposite is the case, and Lewis is a liar. And knows And knows at the same time: These appeal judges here don’t have the slightest clue. They were not there.

Since the day before, the prosecution had already discrediting expert witness Kopelman, Edward Fitzgerald has no choice but to refute him again. has no choice but to refute him once again in substance. - with undiminished passion, rhetorical finesse and the long-suffering of a Siberian bear. Of James Lewis said that Kopelman had misled the district court by concealing the identity of Assange’s fiancée and the existence of their two children in his (first) report. children. Judge Baraitser had already sufficiently refuted this accusation in her reasoning. Kopelman had decided to make this omission in the written report in order not to disclose Assange’s family background. Assange’s family environment. Completely freely and - as will be shown - for more than reasonable reasons. Both the judge and the expert Dr Nigel Blackwood, the expert appointed by the prosecution, had already informed Kopelman in March 2020 - and thus before his report was submitted - about the identity of Stella Moris, the existence of the children and the reasons for his omission. This, in turn, was so prudent and appropriate that it really doesn’t stand up as a scandalon available: According to forensic psychiatrist Keith Rix, a recognised authority on the ethical duties of psychiatric experts, Kopelman was not guilty of a breach of duty. of a breach of duty, but had shown "professionalism" by exercising "reasonable and prudent caution". professional conduct".

Want to know why? Then it is fortunate that Fitzgerald cannot avoid explaining the reasons again. to explain the reasons again. The Omission in the Kopelman Report, he says, was necessary because. - firstly - the SURVEILLANCE of the Ecuadorian Ecuadorian embassy by the US secret service and - secondly - there were concerns that the CIA might be planning an ABORTION or ASSASSINATION in connection with Assange.

Wock. Both of these are not only true, but they are so true.
