For whatever reason, access to the Public Gallery had initially been and drastic quota system, before KAIROS, the god of the opportune moment, gradually took over in the course of two days of negotiations. the god of the opportune moment. Whoever put on the right face the right face at the right place at the right time9 was let in. "Let me through, I am the EU." Those who don’t, don’t. There would have been room for 100 people, if the taciturn billeteuse hadn’t asked for a good a dozen or so, for whatever reason, the heavy court door the heavy courtroom door creaking shut behind her.

A dozen seats for the interested public. For a trial in which the interested public itself is up for disposition.

All other observers of the trial, mainly representatives of somewhat insignificant-sounding media, must the trial by video transmission from a remote courtroom - via screens on which nothing can be seen, and loudspeakers. screens from which nothing can be seen and loudspeakers from which from which nothing can be heard. A further 80 journalists from around the world show signs of interest this time by tuning in via a video link. by tuning in via a video link.

Most of them have not even travelled to the event because the British judiciary had not been able to grant them access. had not been able to guarantee them access to the courtroom. Members of the press received conflicting messages, and for months the court clerk in charge, an unnamed court clerk had been on holiday for months (for a long time) or ill (seriously), moved, injured or deceased (unexpectedly), and had therefore not even responded to enquiries - certainly not in a binding manner. bindingly. Admission guarantees were categorically refused, press accreditations not issued, access lists not kept.

Anyone who is a representative of the press and nevertheless - at random - comes to this London courthouse is a FREAK. is a FREAK. If he were not, he would hardly have would hardly have appeared under such conditions. The incorruptible and undaunted director, publicist and activist Angela Richter is here, (after all) on behalf of the feuilleton of the WELT, the The clever Daniel Ryser from the Swiss magazine REPUBLIK, Markus Kompa follows the events for TELEPOLIS (via laptop on a dustbin in front of the courthouse) - and that’s almost it.

Envoys of more important, higher-circulation German-language & international media houses - or even the big news agencies themselves - are of course not present. We assume: FOR REASONS. And confidently assume that they would ALSO NOT have come if they had been offered luxury suites with a private private gin fountain, diamond-studded giveaways or the crown treasure the crown treasure of some majesty.

Major media houses are not interested in Assange, you know. in Assange, you must know. At least not anymore. When they could still exploit his publications for some idiotic front-page bombshells they were of course NOT interested in him either. in him. Or for WikiLeaks. Or at least for the principle of FREEDOM OF THE PRESS, which, although it justifies their own existence, is nevertheless always ONLY vaguely defended by them at its really DECISIVE POINTS. is always defended ONLY insinuatingly.

If, instead, it has to be defended by someone, and that BOOSTINGLY with his OWN LIFE, without the relevant media people being particularly interested in it interested in it, then we don’t really know what to do. If the principles of democracy should be FIREABLE, we hereby consider them to be DESTROYED.

NOT present, of course, are those - according to their self-declaration - democracy-savvy civil rights militants from the convoluted structures of the European Union. Not a single official representative of the EU Parliament, not one of the thirty-two thousand officials of the EU Commission, not one single member of any committee on "civil liberties", which cannot be overestimated for "civil liberties or what", not a single corrupt Croatian commissioner for "democracy and demography", no commissioner for the rubble of (European) human rights. Not a single one of these EU bureaucratic greasepainters who usually can’t wait to get can’t wait to throw themselves into some dramatic dramatic PR pose as soon as PRESS FREEDOM or HUMAN RIGHTS are mentioned anywhere.

As this example again shows, EU representatives are obviously less EU representatives are obviously less concerned with the defensible principles of press freedom and human rights themselves than with their political instrumentalisation.

After all, the EU Parliament had only just puffed itself up collectively in order to give a not without reason controversial, because ultimately radical right-wing nutcase like Alexei KRAWALNY his stupid Sakharov Prize. prize. Well, yes. In view of the series of its previous recipients, we do not assign this poorly endowed PLASTEPOKAL to the LOBPREIS of IRGENDWAS (human rights, democracy, freedom of the press), but to the (currently much more fashionable) category "hybrid warfare". And while the EU Parliament once a year, the EU Parliament reliably brings into position its most severe (albeit completely irrelevant) media- and morality-political (android) weapon. a decade, it has still not been able to utter a word about the Assange case. No (superficial) moral outrage, no (hollow) political demand, not even a (meaningless or consequence-free) little comment. NOT TO THINK what would be going on in the brains of these European value bearers and democracy fighters if the United States of would be, if not the United States of America, but Iran, Russia or - God forbid - CHINA demanded the extradition of a journalist who had done nothing but truthful information about (war-) crimes committed by these (war) crimes committed by them. Big rhetorical fireworks, Olympic lightning bolts and thunderbolts etc., World War III would be upon us. Good grief!
