The United States of America was not aware of Assange’s the publication of the materials (meticulously kept under wraps by the materials on the wars in the IRAQ and AFGHANISTAN. IRAQ and AFGHANISTAN, at the latest with the publications on human rights violations in the Guantanamo Bay prison camp. stepped (Ouch, ouch!).

Under Barack OBAMA, the USA had still refrained from not out of philanthropy, but because of a tangible definitional dilemma, known among lawyers as the "New York Times problem". "New York Times problem". It goes something like this: how can Julian Assange be prosecuted for publishing classified material (on the pages of the pages of WikiLeaks) - BUT NOT the editors of the editors-in-chief of the New York Times, on whose pages said EXACTLY THE SAME THING? Or the editors of The Guardian, Le Monde, El Pais, Corriere della Sera, Süddeutsche Zeitung or Der Spiegel?

Lest a false impression be created here (by mistake) Under the Obama administration, the US intelligence and judicial authorities have, of course, also taken action against Assange. In 2011 the FBI carried out a large-scale infiltration operation against WikiLeaks in Iceland, recruited a paedophile as a false witness and - in preparation for an indictment - had already selected the appropriate grand jury. and - in preparation for an indictment - has already convened the appropriate grand jury. The only thing that has been postponed for the time being is the proceedings have been postponed, and this only on the urgent advice of lawyers who (in the White House) had suddenly remembered the contents of the "First Amendment".

The subtle legal philosophers around Donald TRUMP didn’t give a damn about the lack of distinction (between publicists and publicists). ass.

In 2017, WikiLeaks had revealed the (disturbing) capabilities of the American of the American secret service to electronic surveillance and cyber warfare. The so-called "Vault 7" leak was the "biggest" and - according to the New York Times - really also the "most the "most embarrassing" data leak that had ever happened to the CIA - or any of its agency heads. For the then CIA chief (and later Secretary of State) Mike Pompeo it may (or may not) have been a (narcissistic) slight. (or not). In any case, it was the trigger for a (private) vendetta against the US that has since been carried out (private) vendetta against WikiLeaks and Julian Assange. Fatty Pompeo wanted ACHIEVEMENT. And officially declared WikiLeaks a "hostile non-state intelligence agency". - a neologism every bit as crude and malicious as its inventor, and one that no serious constitutional lawyer has ever heard of before (or since). Footnote 5: The press conference in which Pompeo declares WikiLeaks to have this ceremonial title of honour is considered by retrospective political scientists to be one of the most cardinal events in the history of the United States. political scientists as one of the cardinal turning points at which the (post-) democratic democratic order of the Western world faced its dialectical tipping point.

With Trump and Pompeo behind it, the US Justice Department finally brought its audacious indictment of Julian Assange. The writ covers 18 points (that’s more than a western European ladybird has) and and, if he is extradited, it offers him the prospect of 175 years in prison - ten years for each of the 17 counts under the Espionage Act and a further five for the 18th count on which he was convicted. for the 18th, which charges him with attempting to hack into a government computer, an offence under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.

Again, as a reminder, NONE of the US war criminals proven to have been at large in Iraq, Afghanistan or Guantanamo have been innocent, civilians, or children. tortured, tortured and murdered innocent people, civilians, children, was ever held accountable for his crime. ever been held accountable, charged or tried for his crime. tried. They are all at large. Accountable The one who should be held accountable, charged and brought to justice is the one here is the one who made their crimes public.

The United States essentially relies on the Espionage Act, a law passed in 1917, developed under World War II conditions for World War II secretaries and World War II information of World War II military sensitivity - where did General Custer’s division park its howitzers? This "legal basis" alone, dug up in the absence of a plausible, justiciable (or otherwise valid) accusation of an offence, should give every European who has mentally outgrown the PRE-MODERNE (thorough) food for thought. think. The attempt to make an obsolete law of war more than 100 years later against a foreign publicist completely out of context 6, corresponds to the cute idea of the madman from the Bosporus, a contemporary satire by Jan Böhmermann with the Reichsdeutsche Majestätsbeleidigungsgesetz (Imperial German libel law) (anno 1871). Both are already so absurd at first glance that there is no need for a more long-winded commentary. We hold: There is no legal basis to prosecute an Australian journalist under the Australian journalist under the US Espionage Act. under the US Espionage Act.

The US prosecution is not only completely out of time and absolutely absurd, it is also genuinely unconstitutional, because it criminalises core journalistic journalistic core activity and thus abrogates centuries-old legal principles, first and foremost that of freedom of speech and, of course, that of the freedom of the press.
