Nevertheless, after several weeks of trial, District Judge Baraitser had taken the ludicrous view that Assange’s extradition was not prevented by the OPENLY INCREDIBLE nature of an indictment constructed with proto-legal dodges. of a bill of indictment constructed with proto-legal dodges, but only - Tätärääää! - the after seven years of isolation in the Ecuadorian Embassy embassy and another two and a half years of unlawful imprisonment (rather unsurprisingly). the mental condition of the unjustly detained prisoner. unjustly detained prisoner. Supplemented by his suicidal tendencies, which were exacerbated by the world-renowned conditions of imprisonment in the USA and its habitual bestiality.

According to Baraitser’s judgement, Assange is in a precarious mental state which, in view of the "harsh conditions" of the inhumane conditions" of the inhumane US prison system, which could "cause him to commit suicide". to commit suicide". Rule, Britannia.

In doing so, Baraitser’s judgement leaves out the hair-raising "legal grounds" of the USA, which a REAL FANGIRL of the of the British Rule of Law, which should have been artfully fatally left completely untouched - and by not explicitly rejecting it, implicitly confirms its admissibility. That’s really crass. Even more even more crass is the fact that her judgement shifts the negotiating process from the BATTLEFIELD of PRESS FREEDOM, which of course concerns all democrats and citizens and people of the world, to the level of an individual SHOCKSHIP, in which precisely the big picture of an endangered social order no longer plays a role, but only the technical and interpretative details of medico-psychological reports.

This alone was and is (without any doubt) a scandal of the rule of law. And a multiple one at that. Hugh.

A FURTHER one is now added by the fact that the (downstream) proceedings here are caught in the tightly woven net of the framework of reasons given by the first instance - and the and the judicial discussion is almost entirely based on the inexhaustibly vague the inexhaustibly vague (& furthermore reliably personality-infringing) field of PSYCHOLOGY.

And so it is indeed the case that the lawyer’s in the most important legal dispute on the freedom of the press of the present day, is a PING PONG of insinuations without of insinuations without substance, kitchen-sink psychological conjectures and their expert refutation. PRESENTED by James Lewis (in the the role of PING), an accomplished gun dog of the Crown, who here, of course, is not in the service of His Majesty but of highly unsubtle complainants from the USA. And WIDERLEGED by Edward Fitzgerald &. Mark Summers (Team PONG), two human rights lawyers clearly under clearly underchallenged with such nonsense.

Should the Encyclopaedia Britannica ever have an entry on the term "grotesque dysfunctionalities of archaotraditional legal systems", we would have a knot in the a knot in our handkerchief that we will certainly never forget. ever forget. Knot is in the handkerchief, you birds. Knot is in the handkerchief. You birds.
