The Royal Courts of Justice courthouse in the centre of London is an awe-inspiring place full of secular secular sacredness and all-wood courtroom miniatures. Here - after the last reform of 1873 (LISTEN, LISTEN!) - not only the most important common law common law courts, including the Supreme and the Court of Appeal, but also in a tiny dressing room called COURT ROOM FOUR7 so also said prosecuting counsel James Lewis (wig: longhair, goat) as well as Edward Fitzgerald (longhair, steed) and Mark Summers (longhair, fake), the defence lawyers for Julian Assange (longhair, real).

Their raven black gowns reach down to the tips of their respective footwear, which - at least after a few pints - could turn out to be a potentially breakneck tradition. At the latest since the student movement at the latest, it should be common knowledge what under the talars is usually so hidden, here it’s all 300 years old. His dirty grey the fine London legal profession owes its dirty grey wigs not even to a self-determined or Boris Johnson, but (on the contrary) to a pirated continental European copy of King Charles II. Charles II, who imported the idea of producing hand-knotted secondary hairstyles in 1660 from France, of all places. (Get Brexit done, folks, all right. Or in the Or in the words of Monty Python: "I don’t want to talk to you any more to talk to you any longer, you overgrown English fresh beer drinker! I’ll fart on you, you swine priests! If it’s up to If it’s up to me, you won’t get into the European Community!")

Presiding over the lawyers are Lord Justice Sir Timothy Victor Holroyde (robe, short hair, black face mask) face mask) and Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales Wales Lord Ian Duncan Burnett, Baron Burnett of Maldon (robe, short hair, maskless). Whether the coronavirus still exists in Great Britain in October 2021 or not or not in the UK in October 2021 is, on the face of it. somewhat contradictory. The pubs on the island pubs (and all their patrons) have long been in agreement on this which, from the point of view of a continental European, is a surreal, but by no means unpleasant, reminiscence of a time of a time when coronae still meant the circular surface structures the circular surface structures of distant planets.

Either way, the supreme guardians of Her Majesty’s legal system take their seats on eccentric red upholstered armchairs, everyone else in the plebeian-proletarian wooden class, furnished with the most medieval benches EVER possessed by man since the beheading of Ann Boleyn. She alone, of course, a physical torture as spartan as it is subtle, quite befitting the nastiest colonial plunderers of all time8.

On the wooden class benches of the courtroom gallery Assange’s father John Shipton, his fiancée Stella Moris, the current WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Kristinn Hrafnsson, and WikiLeaks ambassador Joseph Farrell - along with the handful of journalists and trial and trial observers who made it into the VIP section of this visitors’ gallery. Incidentally, via a spiral staircase inside a narrow torture tower. inside a narrow torture tower AND past a taciturn courtroom court billeteuse.
