Assange has been denied PERSONAL PARTICIPATION in the appeal proceedings, which will decide the rest of his life, without giving any reasons. Denied! A FURTHER CONSTITUTION that makes this court session a farce. A legal system could hardly show more clearly legal system could hardly show more clearly what it thinks of the (humanistic) traditions it always so agonisingly invokes on high holidays.

Assange is being negotiated, disputed and conjectured about as if he were a commodity, a lump of LEGITIMATE MATERIAL that is not even allowed to be sold to the Dadaist retail trade. not even allowed to tell the dadaist retail trade about its own EXPORT CONDITIONS. The accused as an absent object of specialised expert interest, over whom (or which) those present in silly wigs can can dispose of at will. Habeas corpus 2.0.

It seems like an early staging idea of Frank Castorf, when blurred moving images of the ABSTAINER at the beginning of the first day of the trial suddenly appear appear on monitors placed lengthwise. They show Assange in the BLUE ROOM of HMP Belmarsh, Her Majesty’s Prison: eight square metres of a padded cell, eighteen kilometres AWAY from the scene of the local legal legal events here.

The person whose (bare) life is at stake can SAY, can say nothing here. Nor can they laugh, scream, frown in tectonic in tectonic folds of despair, discuss the matter with his with his lawyers, intervene in the course of the trial. can intervene in the course of the trial. IF Assange appears, then he appears as a LACK OF SPEECH HIS own curriculum vitae, at the mercy of specialist lawyers’ brilliance & supreme court acts of mercy; captured (of all things) by a surveillance camera with a deactivated microphone.

One briefly wishes there were GODS to smash it all.

This moving image feed, lasting only a few minutes, of a NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVE DAMNED TO TOTAL PASSIVITY is perhaps the clearest metaphor for what this process has become.

It is also the document of the psychological and physical destruction of a human being. On the day before the trial began, Her Majesty’s Prison Doctors had changed the type, dosage or cut of medicine given to Assange. medicine, WHATEVER is understood to be medicine in a high-security prison. in a maximum-security prison (and why WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY, WHY of a trial). "High dose of medication," murmurs one judge. What Assange looked like has already been described, we won’t even try. try. Gaunt, pale, tired, certainly not well.

When he visibly staggers upon entering the video cell on his way to a table in front of which a camera is installed without a microphone is installed, and when he - seated at the table - table, he begins to tremble faintly and twitch for fractions of a second, tired, before resting his half-covered face on a hand. half-covered face on one hand as if on a saving island, one can only ask ONE thing: What the hell is all this? the hell is this all about?

After a few minutes, Assange retreats to a back corner of the cell; (it is) the only self-determined decision left to him. He the stare of the camera, leaving behind an empty table an empty table, an empty chair and - now and then from the far right from the far right edge of the picture: a (living) knee.

Consistently, the living knee renounces its right to be on the second day of the trial, the living knee waives its right to a live link to the Castorf play being performed.
