When it’s their turn, the prosecutor and the defender stand, both Q.C. (Footnote 11: which in this case is unfortunately not the abbreviation for Quality Control (Quality Control), excessive charging speed (Quick Charge) or at least a webcomic (Questionnable Content), but for a lawyer of the Crown (Queen’s Counsel) - Footnote end), stand tall before the judges. (Editor's note: Hope you did not lose your line here?) Otherwise, no. Behind them armies of lawyers (Longhair) busily hammering something snappy into their keyboards.

The prosecution has guns made of dozens of laptops and 32 massive Leitz folders piled up on their desks to OPTICALLY win a battle of materials that they ARGUENTLY ARGUMENTATIVELY and MICRO-AESTHETICALLY, they have long since lost. Anyone who studied in the 1990s know this subtle but telling nuance very well. very well. The one between that small, conceited arsehole with glasses, who with his bacon white and the one who instead prefers to rely on a few red and black binders and his own head.

The cocky ass with glasses is the prosecutor James Lewis. The self-advertisement on his homepage "charming man with a mega-brain", the "Rolls Royce" in the fleet of licensed lawyers and an expert in a confusing multitude of multitude of legal fields. He is a two-time recipient of the awarded by the conservative The Times (and certainly coveted in smaller circles). and certainly coveted in smaller circles) title of "Lawyer of the Week" - most recently with effect from 13.02.2020. At that time apparently meant as a commendation for the conclusion of an out-of-court settlement that enabled the Airbus Group to settle all claims against payment of 3.6 billion against payment of any justified criminal prosecution for corruption (brought by the USA, France & the UK). This postmodern indulgence was made possible by: James Lewis, your lawyer of the week, who has now stepped up to do the final legal legwork for US law enforcement in the Assange case.

While Lewis was counsel of Huawei, he successfully hindered the United United States in the case of the charming Chinese woman Madam Meng from extending the reach of US interests to the rest of the (non-US) world. Now, he’s campaigning for the exact OPPOSITE as chief strategist and spokesman against Assange. A DEONTOLOGICAL OPPOSITION that would make any non-lawyer break at the core. For the Rolls Royce in the motor pool (Her Majesty’s), the administration of justice, of course, is just business, and as long as the the bill is right (£800/hour), it is right.

Incidentally, three years ago Crown Solicitor Lewis was appointed Honorable Chief Justice of the Falkland Islands. of the Falkland Islands, a rather unspectacular group of islands in the South Pacific whose most exciting characteristic is that it is home to more sheep, penguins and elephant seals than people. than people. Since its seizure by the British Captain John Strong in 1690, the the defenceless archipelago changed its nominal owner several times, until in 1820 the newly founded state of Argentina exercised its (in every respect) obvious sovereignty over the (few) islands. sovereignty over the islands (located a few hundred kilometres off its own coast). Of course without considering that the colonial rulers’ plundered possessions on the diversions via the RIGHT OF OWNERSHIP of course is carved in all kinds of stone. And ROBBERY is STOLEN. With the support of the US Navy (sick!) the British took over the islands in 1833, which since then have brought them magnificent profits (from fishing and oil).

In the private house (!) of Her Majesty’s Chief Colonial Judge hangs a framed copy of the front page of the front page of the Falkland Island newspaper Penguin News (smiley!) of 14 June 1982, the day when Great Britain’s forces recaptured the islands from Argentina in the Falklands War. An event that the ardently national-proud militarist Lewis, as a young lieutenant in the reserves and which, as he explains in his inaugural address, he has since in his inaugural address, HAS BEEN INSPIRED IN HIS HEART. IN HIS HEART.

What to say. The United States of America could not have found a more suitable representative of its impeachment than he.
