The guy with the colourful folders, on the other hand, is a certain Edward Fitzgerald, though not the eponymous rebel who (co-)conspired to revolt against British rule in Ireland in 1798. But almost. This Fitzgerald here belongs to the same law firm as human rights lawyer (and actor’s wife) Amal Clooney, who was audacious enough back in 2011, to take on the legal representation of Julian Assange.

Fitzgerald is by no means an expert on everything that is legally possible, but is simply a criminal defence lawyer, specialising in in extradition and appeal cases. Activists and lawyers swear on the lives of their mothers, besides Fitzgerald has saved a heap of bare lives, fought more enthusiastically for prisoners’ rights than anyone else, and done more human rights work than anyone else 32,000 times over. human rights work than anyone else.

Fitzgerald prefers not to make a fuss about anything he does. about everything he does. "He doesn’t blow his own trumpet", as the British supposedly call it. Years ago, when Fitzgerald received an award for his exquisite contribution to criminal justice, his laudator, Lord Justice Sir Konrad Schiemann, was stunned to note: "He could have made a fortune made a fortune if he had chosen to devote his talents to other fields of activity."

Footnote 12: e.g. gambling, fishing in the Falklands, very expensive US law firm

Fitzgerald preferred not to do any. Instead, he campaigned for example, British grey hat hacker Gary McKinnon, who was accused of hacking into 97 computers belonging to US armed forces and NASA. High Court and the European Court of Human Rights (WTF?) had already sealed his extradition to the United States where he faced 70 years in prison and a fine of $1.75 million. 1.75 million dollars awaited him. Incidentally, this was only prevented by the intervention of the then Home Secretary Theresa May, who saw no other way, but to give in to the - through celebrity supporters such as Sting, Pink Floyd, Bob Geldof and the former Floyd, Bob Geldof and the former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown - to give in to the PUBLIC PRESSURE.

Footnote 13: The intervention of the NOW Home Secretary Priti Patel in favour of Assange can be justifiably justifiably DISMISSED. The Thatcherite Patel, hated with all her heart by British leftists is more interested in drastic tightening of immigration laws (life imprisonment for smugglers) and the Police Act, which threatens protesters with long prison sentences if they cause "serious discomfort". should. And for the professional shaping of her eyebrows, of course, which she recently had done for 77,000 pounds from the Home Office budget at taxpayers’ expense. (PS: Depressingly, her limp hair flaps actually still looked as unappetising afterwards as they did before. Quo vadis, eyebrow design?!)

Subjective hint from us. Public pressure? Most interesting! Who was that again, this PUBLIC? That’s not not us, is it? Or is it YOU out there perhaps? wink smiley

His extradition to the United States Lauri Love, a hacktivist of the Anonymous collective and, by his own admission, a lifelong to "make the world a better place". He was accused of being involved in an operation called "Operation Last Resort", and of stealing "military and stealing "military and personal data" from US Army and NASA computer networks. NASA "compromised national security and offended those who protect the country". Offended? We are too. But rather by such an excellent jurisprudential argument. As appropriate punishment, the Offended States of of America, by the way, envisioned 99 years in prison and $9 million in damages.

They still imagine it today. According to legend Edward Fitzgerald successfully knocked this guy out, too.
