And that’s really true, because he’s sitting in the visitors’ gallery of the London Court of Appeal somewhere right next to us, scratching under his slouch hat, laughing (contemptuously) and fidgeting. he just mumbles and shakes his head. You see and hear immediately: What Lauri Love sees and hears here is not the first time he has seen and heard it. for the first time.

When he stands up at the end of the first day of the trial to proclaim the Hippocratic oath ("I swear by Appollon the physician and Asclepius and Hygieia and Panakeia and all the gods and goddesses, calling them to witness. If I now fulfil this oath and do not break it, may I be successful in life and art. success in life and in art, and fame among all men for all time; if I transgress it and perjury, the contrary.") - booming loudly in the ears in the ears of all who do not want to hear such a thing now, and never, he has certainly given most of those present the most anarchistic experience of their charmless lives. of their charmless lives. (He was nevertheless not allowed back into the torture tower to the visitors’ gallery, although he always put on the right face in the right place at the right time. the right face in the right place at the right time).

In his trial, too, it was WHOLLY AND NOT about any "state of the world", certainly not about a more certainly not about a fairer, freer or "better" one, but about the intricacies of mental health and psychological illness, autism spectrum disorders and their degrees of severity, the Asperger’s syndrome, or nature-, world-, and (court-) induced depressive states. In addition about common correctional & detention conditions in the USA as well as their more drastic despotisms, above all those especially those that are feared under the technical term "Special Administrative Measures", as they entail intensified sentences, communication bans and solitary confinement. and solitary confinement. Then there are the deficiencies in medical the US prison system and the average prisoner survival rate - and finally the existence (inevitably) of latent, acute or simulated of a latent, acute or simulated suicide risk.

ALL THAT, of course, must be repeated again in the trial of the most significant case about journalism, press freedom and democracy. The since the since the year 1066, the rules of procedure have it so. With a slight historical deviation, of course. For this time it is not only the repetition is a farce. And not only the first performance a tragedy. Or vice versa.

Crown prosecutor Lewis uses his extended speaking time on the first day of the trial on the first day of the trial for what can best be described as a costly rear-end collision... Caused by the Rolls Royce in the courtroom.

The names of a number of expert witnesses on record are mentioned, usually with the wrong pronunciation or intonation. or intonation, who gives a shit. It’s about Asperger’s and and the very tricky question of why only one of the experts brought in of the experts consulted was able to identify this syndrome at all, namely the neuropsychiatrist Quinton Deeley. namely. Hmmm, let’s think about that. Maybe because Deeley was the only EXPERTS consulted in the field of autism spectrum disorders - and for all the other (experts) it would have amounted to an inadmissible overstepping of the boundaries of their field of expertise if they had just casually diagnosed something for which they are not even certified specialists. The hell, Mr Sartre, is are not the others, but US lawyers in attack position. Just in case you should consider rewriting this one-act in rewrite this one-act play in heaven.

Of particular importance to the prosecution seems to be a neuropsychiatrist named Dr Michael Kopelman, a much decorated expert (court) witness in countless trials, professor emeritus at the Institute of Psychiatry, Emeritus Professor Emeritus at the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience at the renowned King’s King’s College, luminary and undisputed doyen of his field, a real of his field, a real authority. In the proceedings at first instance, even the often uninformed Baraitser had found a whole series of good reasons in her found a whole series of good reasons to base her verdict on judgement on Kopelman’s expert assessment and the results of the investigations carried out by him (on Assange): The conditions of imprisonment to be expected in the USA could put the psychologically by now Assange, who is now seriously ill, to commit suicide. Extradition request rejected.

For Lewis, who in the past had called on Kopelman himself as an expert witness, the expert witness in the past, the proven expert is now is now suddenly something of an "unreliable" impostor, the expert reports he has produced "flawed", "incomplete" and "misleading", "incomplete" and "misleading" - and that Assange is really really "healthy as a horse".

As befits a standard horror film of the category D, the prosecution now moves on to a crude amateur basement dissection whose subject matter is the personality and psyche of the (absent) accused. In a shattering crescendo, Lewis lays out crescendo, Lewis lays his sharp advocate’s knife on every rememberable detail of the delinquent’s "mental and spiritual integrity" - which in the end, of course, leads to the which in the end, of course, leads to a (court-proof) determination of his unconditional extraditable status.

Assange is highly depressed, hears music and voices ("You are dust. and voices ("You are dust, you are dead, we are coming, to come for you") and shows "psychotic symptoms" (hallucinations). (hallucinations), for which he is taking antidepressants and the antipsychotic quetiapine. After being observed in Belmarsh, he was observed to do nothing in his cell but in his cell but walk up and down until he collapsed. he collapsed, punching himself in the face and ramming his head and slamming his head into the wall, he was sent to the prison he was transferred to the hospital wing of the prison for months. In an ingenious hiding place under one of his the prison authorities found "half a razor blade". He has already had one attempt in which he slashed his wrists. he slit his wrists. Again and again he repeatedly called for the Samaritans’ (telephonic) suicide Samaritans, as it was noted that he thought of killing himself "a hundred times a day". he thought of killing himself.

Citizens of the world, look at this man.

TOPFIT, the brat. The people killed by Lewis and his living laptops (for money, too) is decidedly brutalist to the point of being tabloid-esque. and goes something like this:

Can someone (Assange) REALLY be depressed (or depressed (or not) if, on a sunny day in May, he has milk and a second helping of oranges for breakfast on a sunny day in May? ? Is anyone (or not) a SIMULANT (Assange), if he claims to be suffering from a syndrome syndrome, which was briefly mentioned in a copy of the "British Medical Journal" (borrowed in June)? was mentioned in a borrowed (June) issue of the British Medical Journal? Isn’t any neurological disorder associated with autism already disproved if its bearer (the patient) has disorder associated with autism has not already been disproved if its carrier (Assange) once succeeded in making fleeting eye contact (with a stranger)? Can someone (Assange) credibly claim to have Asperger’s syndrome? Asperger’s syndrome when he has not even been deprived of custody of his first child? Does a person’s mere suicidal intent stand in the way of his extradition if there is no complete proof that, in addition to the INTENT, there is also the intellectual capacity (Assange) to implement this plan? Finally, there would also have to be a concrete POSSIBILITY OF SELF-MURDER, which is not possible under the normal (or (or aggravated), in any case FABULOUS, conditions of detention in the USA. Can you believe it Lewis finally said, is it possible to believe that someone wants to be a "suicide" when he has several "children" of his own? "children" of their own? Counter-question: can you believe that someone wants to be a "Rolls Royce" when he asks several such "questions"?
