The question of the circumstances of imprisonment to be expected in the USA (concretely) comes prominently once again in fact by means of a so-called DIPLOMATIC CERTIFICATE, which the United States had the appeal proceedings and with which they claim to have with which they claim to guarantee the delinquent a humane prison accommodation. That that this assurance is hardly worth the paper (or bit memory) on which is hardly worth the paper (or bit memory) on (or in) which it is written, quickly becomes self-evident. It is a bilaterally made by the USA to the UK, which is not only completely LEGALLY UNBINDING, but which - in the small print but which - in the small print - explicitly authorises the use of the use of EXACTLY THOSE measures which it is it promises NOT to use in its generous headline.

Footnote 14: Anyhow, US experts consider the issuance of this "diplomatic assurance" an "interesting and creative MOVE" by their government (for instance). creative MOVE" on the part of their government (e.g. New York lawyer Jacques Semmelman, who specialises in extraditions), since otherwise they would run the risk of losing any possibility of bringing Assange to justice. The USA had already given similar assurances in the case of the hacker Gary McKinnon; the court, depressingly, had the court had depressingly recognised them as valid and agreed to extradite him, which was only prevented by Theresa May. which was only prevented by Theresa May.

Lewis emphasises that measures such as "administrative segregation" cannot be equated with solitary confinement. can. OF COURSE NOT. Because basically, of course, everything is, as always, worse. The regime of inhumane conditions of detention has taken over the widest of the US prison system down to its very foundations. of the US prison system down to its foundations. At under whatever name they may be called (The Hole, AdSeg, Protective Custody, SMU, SHU), such measures serve the sole purpose of serve the sole purpose of undermining the law.

Footnote 15: The US human rights organisation National Immigrant Justice Center notes the almost universal existence of unlawful detention combined with bureaucratic neologisms that serve the sole purpose of "evading laws that prohibit indefinite placement in solitary confinement.

The USA is not in the least bit amused with prisoners especially not with WHISTLEBLOWERS, especially if they are also connected to WikiLeaks.

CHELSEA MANNING, a former IT expert in the US armed forces, had told the public & WikiLeaks 2010. hundreds of thousands of documents relating to war crimes in Afghanistan and Iraq, including the video known as "Collateral Murder". It shows attacks by Apache combat helicopters in the streets of Baghdad and the shooting (with audible gusto) by the US helicopter crew of twelve unarmed Iraqi men. unarmed Iraqi civilians, including two journalists from the Reuters news agency and two children. One of many war crimes of which the US military is guilty.

Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison and served seven years in military custody before being released in 2017. released by order of Obama (last days in office). Since however, she refused to testify in one of those (Democrat-remote) secret trials before a grand jury convened to gather evidence against WikiLeaks and Assange, she was fined $1,000 DAILY, which ended up being had grown to half a million bucks by the end.

To compel her testimony, she was jailed in March 2019 for one year at the William G. Truesdale Federal Detention Centre in Alexandria, Virginia, where she was "placed" in "adseg", in "administrative segregation". Away from other prison inmates, Manning was locked in a tiny cell with no daylight for 22 hours a day. daylight. Exit to shower (or into the prison yard ) was only possible alone and only between one and three o’clock. One and three o’clock AFTER dark, of course, which lifts the individual’s spirits and is somehow considered protective measure, you only get sunburn from the moonlight, thank you very much. sunburn only from the moonlight, thank you very much. would have done the trick. The only other person you do you do NOT get to see is the warden, who wordlessly the food through the hatch after he has made sure that you after making sure that you are still alive. This measure, advertised by the Americans as "administrative segregation", is of course nothing more than a little original euphemism. is, of course, nothing more than an unoriginal euphemism for radical solitary confinement, (to which Manning had already been subjected at Quantico and) which is, of course, far beyond the fuzzy line of fuzzy line to psychological torture.

The funeral of Susan Manning (65) did not take place between one and three o’clock, not at night, and not in the in the Truesdale prison yard. After a perfectly formal request, Chelsea Manning’s attendance at her mother’s Chelsea Manning’s attendance at her mother’s funeral was denied without formality. Manning was released from prison in March 2020 detention in March 2020 after she attempted to take her own life.

The former programmer at CIA headquarters in JOSHUA SCHULTE is accused of working for the notorious for the infamous "Vault 7" leak, which exposed the entire revealed the CIA’s entire "hacking bandwidth", starting with penetrating smartphones and computers in spy operations abroad and ending with with the remote control of internet-enabled electrical devices, through which an automobile ride can be (involuntarily) turned into a hara-kiri commando and a talking refrigerator (imperceptibly) into a listening cell.

For almost three years, he has been incarcerated in solitary confinement at the Metropolitan Centre, a facility that, according to Schulte, treats its inmates "like caged animals" and which was most recently made worse by the suicide - apparently successful despite the loving care of the prison administration & certified suicide prevention measures - of the prostitution ring operator. of the prostitution ring operator, human trafficker and inmate inmate Jeffrey Epstein (Ass) has received headlines. has.

Footnote 16: For a very brief moment, the audacious idea appears in our minds that, from the point of view of the British polity might actually be a good deal, or at least not the worst deal, to keep Assange on the island forever and hand over this Prince Andrew to the Americans instead. Forever, too

According to the court documents, Schulte inhabits a "filthy cell the size of a car park" (small car, not stupid SUV) that is infested with vermin. "rodents, rodent droppings, cockroaches, mould". There is no heating, air conditioning or functioning sanitary facilities do not exist. The temperatures drop so low that water changes its physical state and the occupant (freezes) to death. the occupant freezes to death, even though he has two blankets, four sets of clothes, five sets of socks (on his feet) and three more (sets of socks). and three more (sets of socks) on his hands. wears. While daylight is blocked by a darkened window, the neon light in his cell burns continuously. in his cell burns continuously. He is not allowed to be outdoors television one hour a week, visits are severely restricted, books and visits are severely restricted, books and legal stuff are are forbidden, as are visits to the doctor.

Subjective note from Associated Press When he is taken out of his cell, he is "shackled from head to toe like Hannibal". shackled from head to toe like Hannibal," the filing continues, alluding to the fictional Dr Hannibal Lecter, a cannibalistic serial killer cannibalistic serial killer from the horror film "The Silence of the Lambs" from 1991.

In his last trial, Schulte asked for a judge to intervene. He himself had exhausted all possibilities to protest to the prison authorities about the conditions of his against the conditions of his imprisonment. The Northeast Regional Office had most recently rejected his complaints because he had failed to because he had failed to use a CUGEL WRITER to make the copies legible, as has been the rule for 40 years. for the last 40 years. The court documents also that Schulte is forbidden to use ballpoint pens. the use of ballpoint pens is prohibited.

So when the prosecutor repeats the US assurance that Assange will in no way be in the notorious high-security ADX prison. Florence, this "Alcatraz of the Rockies" in the middle of the Colorado desert, is by no means a "special "Special Administrative Measures", which in any case do not violate Article 3 of the Convention on Human Rights ("Prohibition of Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment"). ("Prohibition of Inhuman and Degrading Treatment"), and this enumeration in the (even for convinced transatlantics) (even for convinced transatlanticists) steep thesis, that the USA has "NEVER" violated any of the assurances given, then it is hard to know where to begin where to begin to refute this infamous chain of untruthful assertions.

Footnote 17 on Florence: Der Spiegel writes: "This is where felons are held who ‘show no respect for human life’, as Norman Carlson, former director of the Bureau of Prisons, puts it. As Norman Carlson, former director of the Bureau of Prisons (BOP), puts it, ‘no respect for human life’ is shown here. They include terrorists such as 9/11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui, Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols, "Unabomber" Ted Kaczynski and Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Also Barry Mills, founder of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang, FBI double agent Robert Hanssen and serial killer doctor Michael Swango. Most of the inmates are violent criminals who are considered potential escapees or have killed inmates or staff in other prisons.

When Lewis utters the sentence "The US has never broken a diplomatic assurance, ever", the composure of the (so far admirably stoic) trial observers is in any case shattered. For the first and time during this entire trial, the Public the Public Gallery can be heard loud and clear: Mocking murmurs, indignant mutterings, high, medium and low-pitched laughter. and low-pitched laughter that seems to go on and on.

In English, such an assertion is called a blatant lie" or "the funniest joke in the world". world". A deadly joke, in view of which it is really a wonder that the audience does not instantly fall dead from the gallery. The broken The USA’s broken promises are not only legion, but in the context of extradition proceedings, they are its downright state gold standard. state gold standard. By David Mendoza Herrarte to Syed Fahad Hashmi and Abu Hamza al-Masri, the US has broken, revoked or reinterpreted every promise it has ever made abroad. foreign policy. And they did so as soon as they had the object of their criminal desire in the fingers of their own justice system.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
