As is well known, from 2012 until his arrest in April 2019, Assange lived by necessity in the London embassy of the embassy of the Republic of ECUADOR, whose then president Rafael Correa had granted him diplomatic asylum. had granted him diplomatic asylum. Through a Spanish "security service provider" with the stupid name UNDERCOVER GLOBAL, which, not in 1984 but surprisingly in 2015. responsibility for Assange’s "security", the CIA actually managed to the CIA actually managed to set up a DYSTOPIC round-the-clock surveillance at the embassy. at the embassy. The service provider had installed high-powered cameras in all the rooms occupied by Assange, even in the refrigerator and in the guest toilet ladies’ room, bugged the furnishings (even the fire extinguisher). (even the fire extinguisher), used laser microphones, recorded and analysed all of Assange’s confidential conversations with lawyers, journalists, friends, doctors and psychologists. and psychologists, he had recorded and analysed all the all the mobile phone, tablet and computer data of all his visitors, saved or (sometimes) deleted them. he had stored and (sometimes) deleted court documents and whole mountains and copied entire mountains of confidential legal correspondence, he had even ordered that a baby’s nappy be fished out of the rubbish in order to extract the nappy-wearer’s DNA and thus find out whether Assange was his father. Assange was his father.

Substantial clue from the lab Company CEO David Morales, who came up with this bang idea came from is, by the way, just as dumb as he looks. The lab he hired informed him by return of post that the DNA from the faeces of this nappy could not be used for a paternity test. cannot be used for a paternity test. Fucking hell, plan B: steal the baby’s pacifier. Steal the baby’s dummy. For real. Ironically, the episode with the baby’s poo even led to the whole spy thing being blown altogether. For one of three UC Global employees, that was the straw that broke the camel’s back. the straw that broke the camel’s back. He contacted Assange’s fiancée, Stella Moris, to warn her. to warn her, gave notice to the nutcase and called a good lawyer.

This business, which was probably somehow lucrative for both sides in the summer of 2016, when UC Global founder and ex-soldier David "I’m a mercenary and I don’t hide it. I make no secret of it" Morales (name and quote genuine) real) took a trip to Las Vegas. Upon his Upon his return, he told his employees that the company had "gone over to the dark side", WINKERWONKER, and thanks to new "American friends" was now playing in the "premier league". The contract he had in his pocket was $200,000 a month. Morales was arrested in Spain in August, crackles (editor's note: speaker issues AI sorry), bail and is currently awaiting the end of a court case in Madrid, where he is charged with violating of Assange’s privacy and the passing of illegally obtained information to US intelligence agencies.
In 2017, when Ecuadorian presidential actor LENIN MORENO slid into office, whom we still to whom we still want to hurl nothing but our demand (hard) that he please finally give back this FORENAME UC Global even started to STREAM the surveillance footage live 24/7: The Assange Show. In emails from David Morales, it says there are three access points for this stream: "one for Ecuador, one for us and one for X". According to research of the Spanish daily El Pais, the word "X" does not mean "M" or "X". "X" does not mean "M" or "Q" or even "Miss Moneypenny". but rather - as is clear from his further correspondence correspondence - "our American friends". American friends". No further questions, Your Honour.

Subjective reference from Wikipedia Lenin Moreno, vice-president under Rafael Correa from 2007 to 2013, obtained in 2018 that Correa was no longer allowed to run for the Presidential election. "There is a widespread view that Moreno is in the process of dismantling the social gains of his predecessor. With this, as well as a neoliberal economic policy and a and a departure from the foreign policy pursued by his predecessor, he is seeking to close ranks with the rich elite. rich elite."

In May 2017, only one month after his election, Moreno received Moreno (already) received an important visit. And that was from PAUL MANAFORT, who negotiated with him the conditions for the extradition of Julian Assange, an undertaking which the US had been trying to get Rafael Correa to agree to for years. on Rafael Correa for many years.

Paul Manafort is one of the biggest scumbags that the the US political system has ever produced: Head of the "sleaziest lobbying firm" ("Spy") in the country, (political) advisor to the dictators Ferdinand Marcos (Philippines), Siad Barre (Somalia), Mobutu Sese Seko (Congo) and Ibrahim Babangida (Nigeria), promoter of arms deals with Saudi Arabia and profiteer of the civil war in Angola. civil war in Angola. Donald Trump’s campaign manager Trump, convicted tax evader, offshore account operator, bank fraudster, conspirator, Lump & liar, finally pardoned by.… er... Donald Trump.

Substantial note from Wikipedia In April 2019, Moreno gave notice to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange the diplomatic asylum granted to him by his predecessor at the Ecuadorian embassy in London. Assange was subsequently released at the request at the request of the Ecuadorian ambassador on the embassy grounds on the basis of a British arrest warrant for failure to appear in court. for failing to appear for a court hearing by Scotland Yard and brought before a British judge. Moreno’s predecessor Correa described the behaviour of the President Correa described the President’s behaviour as "one of the most appalling acts ever hatched out of servility, malice and vindictiveness", and called his successor a "traitor".

To this we have not the PERFECTEST thing to add.

You have noticed at this point: if you ever have to deal with the US intelligence, you will be dealing with REAL PSYCHOS. You’re dealing with the craziest, weirdest assholes you’ve ever dreamed of seeing on a full moon... you’ve ever dreamed of. Hello, dear Spiegel, and yo, old Süddeutsche. Because the CIA is really like that, as you two (imagine) in your overpriced history books always a place like the Stasi. For real! real!

Fortunately, here in London, there are no law students present. If you were, you’d have to be by this proven and multiple violation of the procedures of procedural law (and of the rights of the accused, which are still vaguely guaranteed in traditional constitutional states), you would have to declare any proceedings brought against Assange immediately be declared unlawful. For the confidentiality of confidentiality of attorney interviews, which the USA has deliberately, systematically and continuously, is enshrined in law. enshrined in law. For real.
