And now for fear number two: concerns about CIA-planned kidnappings and assassinations? Whoo-hoo-hoo, a full load of psychotic paranoia. Absolutely unthinkable! Unthinkable?

A report published at the end of September 2021 by investigative journalists from the news portal Yahoo News, led by Michael Isikoff, has proven that such (crazy-sounding) predatory antics are disturbingly actually have a basis in reality. Over 30 senior and top former government officials testify that the White House (under Trump), together with the with the CIA (under Pompeo) since 2017 detailed plans to for the ABORTION and ASSASSINATION of Julian Assange. The Yahoo research confirms everything that the defence had presented in the first instance.

Footnote 18: A witness for the defence, a former employee of the security company UC Global, had told the Madrid Tribunal as early as September the Madrid tribunal hearing the case of David Morales, had already reported in September 2020 that the of the Americans to use "more extreme measures" against Assange: his poisoning or his abduction from the embassy.

The initial plans were to kidnap Assange from the embassy. from the embassy. Employees of the security firm UC Global were given the easily decipherable task of "leaving the entrance door of the embassy open". "to leave the front door of the embassy open" discreetly and overnight discreetly and overnight, so that he could be kidnapped and taken to the to the United States. The United States wanted to wanted to get hold of him at all costs and, in provisional desperation, developed (internally) the distinctive mafia phrase that "more extreme means must now be used". Plans for the poisoning of Assange and and their tricky execution followed, optionally his accidental his accidental assassination BY STROBOSCOPIC BLENDING of a Pakistani taxi driver in the evening light, a street firebombing a street firefight based on "Chicago 1930" (and the of "Chicago 1930" (and the diaries of Eliot Ness) or ideas from the estate of Arthur C. Clarke.

The Yahoo search quotes a former national security adviser national security adviser as saying that Pompeo and other top officials were "completely detached from reality" and then detached from reality", and then literally, "They saw blood."

In London, a "wild tussle broke out" over Assange rival spy services" broke out in London over Assange: "American, British and Russian authorities stationed undercover agents around the Ecuadorian Embassy." The prices of flats, Yps glasses with Yps glasses with rear-view mirrors and fake beards... skyrocketed in the neighbourhood. "It was more than weird," says one high-ranking official. "It went so that every person within a three-block radius worked for one of the worked for one of the intelligence agencies - whether it was a street sweeper, a policeman or a security guard."

At the latest THAT has made this story SO BIZARR that it should immediately be offered to Ian Fleming’s descendants as a plot for the next James Bond. Bond: "Time to die - 007 on the hunt for Fatty Pompeo". And all of this would even be really funny if it were not also the pure (and rather depressing) truth.

Pompeo has admitted (with a rather nasty grin, by the way) that "parts" of this report "are true", and hastened to follow up with the claim, that these three dozen whistleblowers - all senior former former government officials - should face HARDEST "prosecution". Cough. We have a Vague Idea of what this could amount to. such a thing could amount to, and recommend that the gentlemen concerned wear a colour-coordinated VEST with the fattest ballistic insertion plates with their classic business suit this autumn. the fattest ballistic insertion plates money can buy. money can buy.

In honks like Pompeo, cultural sociologists encounter a always insightful interpretation of the concept of FREEDOM OF PRESS and INFORMATION. If the spreading of TRUTH through INFORMATION (here) is even more vigorously opposed than the trumpeting of "fakery" (here). than the trumpeting of "fake news", then you are not in Russia but in the model country of Western democracy.

Substantial advice from Barry J. Pollack, former President of the US National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers (NACDL). "As an American citizen, I find it absolutely outrageous that our government would consider kidnapping or murdering someone without a kidnap or assassinate someone without trial just for for publishing truthful information."

Let’s let that sink in again for a moment: Highest of the DEMOCRATIC LIBERTURE of the western world - the White House and the CIA - undertook a deliberate ATTACK on the constitutionally protected constitutionally protected fundamental right of freedom of publication and - in violation of the universal principle of of the universal principle of the rule of law - the ILLEGAL abduction and murder of an Australian journalist who was seeking political asylum on the extraterritorial territory of the Ecuadorian Embassy in the capital city of capital of Great Britain.

And secure the same whose criminal assassination they had just meticulously planned, destroying all remembered principles of CIVILISATION HISTORY. now a fair trial, a humane detention and a dignified a humane prison accommodation and a dried-up cream meringue (from yesterday) for breakfast.

Has anyone in this court ever actually heard of the (admittedly increasingly worthless) rhetorical figuration? rhetorical figure of the RULE OF LAW? ? Fortunately, you know, there are no legal scholars there are no legal scholars present. If you were, you would have to by this proven and multiple violation of the most of the most fundamental principles of the rule of law, you would have to immediately blow up (TNT) any proceedings against against Assange should be blown up immediately (TNT).

Assange’s second defence lawyer, Mark Summers, has a sense of humour that humour that matches his nationality. In any case this will be the first time, he argues, that the US has sought the assistance of a British court in apprehending a person whose poisoning and/or assassination by a government agency. by a government agency.

This is of course not at all funny, but it is true.

The fact that this entire appeal process was conducted by a (democratically) voted out moron (meaning: TRUMP), a whole TWO DAYS before his departure from a globally (sadly) still overrated overrated presidency, was not (had not been) not (have been) funny. Just as little, by the way, as the fact that this supreme court - represented represented by, of all people, a (British) judge with the (much more Irish) name Jonathan Swift (wait for footnote 19!). - took it upon himself to accept this appeal for hearing at all on 7 July 2021. for hearing at all. And that was just ELF DAYS, after the chief witness for the US prosecution... had publicly recanted his testimony and thus (in passing) had also taken away the last sclerotic pillar of the US prosecution.

Footnote 19: The Enlightenment writer, satirist and Irishman of the same name had written his novel (today misunderstood as a children’s book) "Gulliver’s Travels" (and others) with sharp attacks against the ruling English upper class and the exploitation of the destitute Irish by English landowners.
