Chapter 16 - Sex, Lies and Audiotape



The Icelander Sigurdur Ingi Thordarson, suspected hacker hacker, convicted paedophile, pathological liar and sociopath and sociopath, financial fraudster, white-collar criminal and multiple-time proven idiot, admitted to the Icelandic newspaper Stundin on 26 June 2021 to the Icelandic newspaper Stundin on June 2021. statements against Assange, which were eagerly circulated by the US prosecution. by the US prosecution. And that, here comes 1 rant, in order to avoid prosecution for his own paedophile crimes. paedophile crimes.

In fact, Thordarson, the FBI and the US Department of Justice together had entered into a dirty win-win-win deal of the following form: supply of incriminating charges against Assange in exchange for in exchange for immunity from prosecution on paedophilia charges. Fortunately, we are not lawyers, but for us this is a criminal offence of EVIL CONSPIRACY at the expense of a third party, who who cannot help the fact that these other three are simply are really up in arms.

The US authorities had quite willingly allowed Thordarson to Thordarson to pretend that he was a close associate of Assange’s and then recruited him specifically to build a legal case, to build a legal case. The fact that they claim not to have known that Thordarson had in fact Thordarson had in fact only been able to get close to Assange briefly under the pretext of raising money for WikiLeaks, but had then rather used the opportunity to embezzle over 50,000 dollars (from WikiLeaks), is of course another matter. For example on page 9856 of Wikipedia or in the Icelandic State Court Courier, because Thordarson was convicted in 2014 for EXACTLY THIS and some other white-collar fraud bullshit.

There you would also have read that the guy is a serial sex offender, convicted several times (2012, 2014, 2015), most recently for molesting nine underage boys, giving them "plane tickets, Land Rovers and up to million dollars" in exchange for sexual favours. A (court-ordered) forensic psychiatric report concluded that, if he was crystal clear concluded that he was of sound mind, but suffered from an antisocial antisocial personality disorder (f.k.a. "sociopath") and was incapable of feeling remorse for his actions. Footnote 20: Another five cases were dropped for lack of evidence. After the prosecution dropped the charges one of the victims committed suicide.

The extradition proceedings against Assange involved statements by Thordarson were introduced by the prosecution to prove that to prove that Julian Assange had incited OTHERS to commit illegal acts. In her judge Baraitser even quotes part of the US indictment. of the US indictment, which states that Thordarson was asked by Thordarson was ordered by Assange "to hack into computers to hack into computers to obtain information, including audio recordings of telephone conversations between high-ranking high-ranking officials, including members of the Parliament, the government of "NATO Country 1".

Subjective hint from NATO country 27 That you need a (totally important) secret word for all (important) countries in the world, we still know from the three question marks. We can hardly believe, however, that ICELAND, of all places, in the jargon of US secret under the final impenetrable, absolutely final secret code word "NATO country 1". is used. So they really are just as stupid as we all always always thought.

We call a certain confederation of states with hegemonic world power claims, currently (fortunately) in the phase of its (overdue) demise, in in our own HEINY LANGUAGE from now on "Military-industrially highly complex, but otherwise brainache-inducing otherwise brain-ache-inducingly under-complex alliance dissolution reason number one".

If you dare, you can see the sympathetic chief incriminating witness of the USA since 24 September 2021 in the Iceland’s maximum-security Litla-Hraun prison, where he is being held on the basis of a law which which is designed to prevent repeat offenders from committing from re-offending while a court case is pending. during an ongoing court case.

Well, dear judge with the even more barmy financial transaction service provider name SWIFT. When the high court represented by YOU represented the high court, the already of already riddled with multiple JUDICIAL ERRORS, not only Thordarson and the Icelandic Thordarson and the Icelandic Island Post, but literally the whole world, knew that the testimony of this "key witness" was a lie from top to bottom.

And so much then, finally, for the CONSTRUCTION BACKGROUND of this major US indictment of the century, so much for the recitals of higher representatives of the British administration of justice and so much for both ethical principles.

Fortunately, there was never a single trained lawyer present. How insane can a legal process together with its alleged foundations, be allowed to become in this country, my lords and ladies - and, if you will pardon the expression, how UNSERIOUS the legal personnel assigned to it, before they finally rip those silly wigs and ask the only question that common sense still allows. common sense allows: WHERE DO THE CRIMINALS ACTUALLY SIT (or stand) HERE, MYLORD?

A lie, says Augustine (still), is the deliberate presentation of falsehood with intent to deceive. Let’s let all this sink in for a meditative moment.
