Chapter 17 - Augurs and auspices


Fitzgerald finally turns to Lord Chief Justice Ian Burnett to remind him of the parallels between the Assange and Lauri Love cases. Autism in the fatal combination of autism and depression, plus the conditions of prison conditions in the US, which, according to the axiomatic laws of some legal mathematics an increased risk of suicide and thus a ban on extradition. and thus a ban on extradition under the rubric of "humanitarian reasons". grounds". The Chief Justice, however, interrupts with with the words: "This is a completely different case. case." Oha. In general, this judge interrupts the defence conspicuously often, we just noticed. He drives Fitzgerald into all his oratorical parades, forces him to and answering stuff, while the prosecution had been allowed to recite its really fact-distorting gibberish the day before without any judicial intervention. intervention.

Which of course is either a GOOD sign or a REALLY BAD sign. As it stands in the British betting shops, no one on the ground knows what the probably the share price rises and falls as on any other any other stock exchange, possibly 1 billion to 1 at the moment. But who knows.

The end of the second day of the trial rings in (by local standards of distance) downright disturbing (by local standards of distance) almost disturbingly direct legal ping-pong. more or less. Technical details of procedural law follow psychological details of medical reports, followed in each case by a polemical rebuttal of the other side’s the arguments of the opposing side. More or less, anyway.

The lawyers show their mutual disapproval to each other with unsurpassable politeness and a linguistic subtlety that is otherwise only known from Berliners. When the defence lawyer strikes the final contemptuous blow, for example, by saying something like: "With the greatest respect, some of the incorrect remarks made by my honourable colleague will not be conducive to an articulate resolution of these issues". to an articulate resolution of these issues", you get a tiny inkling a tiny inkling of the dignity that this profession may have may once have carried with it.

We will spare you and us the undignified rest of it. us. In summary, it is about SELF-MURDER and the insane question, knotting itself in all our remaining BRAINWORKS, whether a court would not prefer should not rather take into account those classifications related to present presences, rather than also the validity of psychological "prediction functions". Which translates, I suppose, to mean that the U.S. finds, that any reliable prediction of a predictable future suicidal intent under the conditions of detention it offers nationwide should carry LESS judicial weight than any judicial weight than any suicidal intent suicidal intent that arose independently of them before. (Which, of course, they categorically deny - one way or another.) In any case the USA finds that the expert-fabricated oracle of a CURRENTly of a CURRENTLY only LATENT suicidal intent, which was only presumably formed AFTER the extradition-related contact with US-American detention conditions presumably into the state of its CURRENT manifestation, of an would in fact in no way prevent an extradition in the PRESENT, since it would itself necessarily be located in the FUTURE. Do you understand? (Neither do we.)

So-called preventive measures of US-American prison prison facilities become the subject, with "preventive measures" being some bundle of mechanistically conceived devices (to prevent inmate suicides). inmate suicides) that would prevent a prisoner who is so desperate who is so desperate that he wants to take his own life. from taking his own life in a direct combat mode. from translating this INTENT into an ACT. Not for any noble reason, but for a vile reason, because the realisation of a prisoner’s intention of a prisoner to commit suicide - at least from the from the point of view of the law enforcement authorities - the scandalous circumstance that a legally convicted prisoner legally convicted person would be able to escape the punishment sentence imposed on him by the cowardly act of committing suicide instead of serving it as prescribe. Footnote 21: In addition, measures that prevent someone who wants to take his own life from doing so are unlikely to improve his mood at all.

Jesus, help. Because at this point we really haven’t [Anm. des Hackes: Das stand have?!] the slightest idea whether those who have taken such defend or invent a line of thought, have the slightest idea of the ethical or social or political background against which they are arguing. We spare ourselves and you the even more the even more undignified rest of it, and at the same time we know ONE thing for sure for sure: a judicial system based on a misappropriated 100-year-old espionage law and the lie of an Icelandic paedophile, is seeking the extradition of a citizen and publicist who is completely alien to the state. should really go to hell (along with his vulgar utilitarian doctrine of prognosis for suicide). But very, very quickly.

And then the trial is over. The presiding judge formally declares in his farewell that both sides had both sides have given the court he represents something (or a lot) to think about. the court embodied by him, that the court embodied by him would decision carefully and will have made it at some point, thank you very much, come home in good health and honour us. Thank you very much, come home safe and sound and honour us again soon.

