2 Presidents of the USA, 1 Europe and Lord Justice Holroyde

Who to thank for the final act, for now, of this highly artificial legal soap opera is clear. You There are three of them, greetings go out.

FIRST: That boob from the White House. Donald Trump and Joe Biden. The ONE had not only given the green light to the impeachment of Assange, but on his last few feet in office, he shot out all available guns to leave the world in an even worse state than it already was. than it already was. In his last weeks in the Oval office, Trump put on his widest mole grin to quickly carry out a few more executions, or at least to or at least order (13 in Indiana alone, which was three times more than in the previous 60 years), pardon a few convicted felon buddies (Manafort et. al.) and finally - exactly TWO DAYS before the arrival of the removalists - to get the appeal against Assange to get underway.

The OTHER had gone out of his way to quickly satisfy the glorified expectations of European transatlanticists with superficially mannered rhetoric. In In his inaugural speech he had stutteringly explained (to them), that America was finally back, hurray, and quickly the very last thing he could remember about the keywords "justice" and "freedom", and then BRUSHLESSLY continued the political guidelines of the idiot before him. the political guidelines of the idiot before him - including this betrayal of democratic principles, which began with the merciless hunt for Assange from the very beginning.

Of course, if you look even closer, it’s all, it’s worse, as usual. Needless to say, Biden has not advanced a FEMALE agenda here (and elsewhere), but his OWN. As recently as 2011 vice-president - especially for Assange - he had used the terrorist terrorist designation "high-tech terrorist", which is clearly incompatible with the reflection horizon of all idiots before, after and next to him. and next to him.

Fatty Pompeo’s formula of the "hostile non-state intelligence service", as well as Biden’s dictum, allow us to look much deeper than we would have liked. look much deeper than transatlanticists are usually able to see. transatlanticists can usually see. Until Joe Biden came along, it was it was self-evident that a publicist is (nothing but) a publicist. (nothing but) a publicist. When he publishes evidence of crimes committed by members of government organisations, then as a politician you have to draw your you have to draw your own simple conclusions. At best, at best, if you are still a Democrat, that crimes committed should be punished and (the) perpetrators charged. The idea of branding the JOURNALIST as a homicidal "TERRORIST" instead and to criminalise the JOURNALIST who uses something as with something as dangerous to the public as a pencil, a printing press or, God forbid, the INTERNET. has never been done in constitutional states, as far as we remember, in constitutional states, as far as we can remember. Until Joe Biden came along.

Hopefully it does not need to be mentioned separately, that the "workflow" of such reality-distorting "frame-setting" is one of the most dimensionally stable and at the same time transparent meshes of "flawless" states of injustice. It simply consists in giving anyone who somehow stands in the way of a smooth exercise of power, (as repulsive as possible) label on the lapel (e.g. "Young Liberals", smiley!) in order to legitimise THE which is what usually follows. If a politician bluntly calls a journalist a "terrorist", he marks him in a straight semantic line. straight semantic line (and visible for all to see) as visible to all) as a RIGHTEOUS person. With a "terrorist one may do with a "terrorist" what is forbidden with "journalists" in "constitutional states": one may monitor him, spy on him, torture them psychologically and physically, even poison them, kidnap them, murder them and execute them. All things that the US intelligence community and the White White House actually DID and/or planned to do with Assange. PLANNED.

What it might mean for YOU or US if a Joe Biden, whose "progressive" pensioner spirit is hailed is hailed by a world that routinely rumbles at him, still considers the work of a publicist to be "terrorism". still considers the work of a publicist to be "terrorism" (and he must, otherwise he would have withdrawn the appeal), we have no way of knowing for certain. You should know that not only all the conservatives, social democrats, liberals and greens that you you will ever vote for (in the expectation of a more perfect world) will stand at his side in the strongest possible terms. But also, of course, your greatest German ace so far in Brussels, Ms vonderLeyen. No meeting of the members of the European Council, this really most decisive body of the EU, without the servile transatlantic tin-pot drummer (and pioneer of the SMS-based non-transparency, cf. the Pfizer SMS) did not spend several hours with Biden beforehand. with Biden in advance. We are not saying anything more about this now. The GEOSTRATEGIC AUTONOMY that this concrete-faced auntie aunt had promised us, we had imagined differently.

