
Thirdly.

And THIRD, we have Lord Justice Holroyde to thank for the design and content of this trial. In the London High Court he sits directly opposite us all the time. And with a look last seen on Darth Vader’s face. For two days, this buffoon won’t say a word. say anything. (Maybe because he doesn’t like it or because can’t or - more likely - because he’s not allowed to. He is, in fact, subaltern here, to his own surprise, but more on that later).

Holroyde really will remain silent throughout, quite as if he were gagged or not there at all. (Just like Assange.) Except on the morning of trial day two. After a few confused looks that go through the entire Holroyde takes heart, which he probably doesn’t have. probably doesn’t have, to TUSCHELING (like a (like a sly high school girl) to the Chief Lord Justice (sitting next to him).

Who promptly reports that the High Court, represented by Darth Holroyde, feels disturbed in the most sensitive way. By EVERY one of these people who dared to look not at his judicial sanctity, but occasionally at their their profane mobile phones. The citizenry present may immediately cease to look at anything other than a judge. other than a judge.

We would be happy to say the same to Holroyde, who has so far spent his working hours exclusively without any perceptible pause for breath or emotion at the ahistorical screen set up in front of him. screen set up in front of him. Listen, my lord, the bearers of these inalienable civil rights out there, represented by us, feel very disturbed. And by this Lord Vader here who, for days now, ...not at the democratic sovereign, but at his own private, comical television...

Our guess, by the way, is zombies versus plants. (Or Solitaire.) And we wish him PECH from the bottom of our hearts. May the undead on his screen give him a good beating.

Holroyde is known for his merciless harshness - coupled with a blatant lack of empathy. lack of empathy. It is probably strictly forbidden to say or write or think anything BAD about him at all. At any time Holboyrne could pull some dusty colonial-era paragraph out of his frock, which he could so and twist it until, in the end, it simply forbids EVERYTHING. (He looks like it, at least).

If Assange and his father and his fiancée and and his fiancée and his comrades-in-arms and WikiLeaks and the whole world public are finally tortured with an appeal after eleven years. with an appeal procedure in which it is mainly about the mainly about the private medical details of Assange’s private medical details and his mental condition, then we really have no one else to thank - according to the prevailing internal legal logic - than His sourpuss lordship here.

When the preliminary hearing for the present appeal was held on 11 August 2021 Holboyrne was (arguably) still speaking, although in retrospect one can Holboyrne was still speaking, although in retrospect one wishes he had he would have been better off keeping quiet then too. As recently as August, the case was case had been assigned to a pair of judges under his leadership - he was joined by a junior judge, Justice Dame Judith Justice Dame Judith Farbey, who followed the proceedings silently, as quiet as a mouse.

As (then still) presiding judge, Holboyrne had dared to hear a case brought by Chief Justice Jonathan Swift, we recall, only a month earlier. (With fatal consequences for all our psyches.) Justice Swift had, when accepted the case for hearing in July, only THREE of the total of five grounds for APPEAL put forward by the US: purely legal and formalistic, relating (at most) to the district court’s interpretation of individual legal provisions by the district court. All the agonising questions of (low-level) kitchen psychology, on the other hand, all the clinical pictures, depressions, suicidal intentions, all the expert opinions and their questioning had been quite explicitly excluded by Swift. (One notices immediately: a man of honour).

For this appeal here could have been so beautifully, dryly, technical and deadly dull as any other standard as any other standard court hearing. In any case, it’s very different from the failed re-enactment of this early Hitchcock classic here.

What we had to see, hear and NOT HEAR for two days was entirely due to Holboyrne. Holboyrne. Guilty. For it was he who allowed the two previously the two previously excluded grounds of appeal and and allowed the United States to extend the appeal process to the medical-psychological grounds. grounds, of which you have just had a taste. you have just had a taste of.

