The judicial empire strikes back
One week before the start of the main hearing in October 2021, suddenly and for reasons that are not reasons are unknown, the quiet as a mouse in the Assange case assessor was WITHDRAWN. And replaced by Lord Chief Justice Burnett, whose sovereign conduct of the trial Holroyde has had to endure silently ever since.

And THAT might indeed be a GOOD thing for once.

Lord Ian Duncan Burnett is a knight in shining armour, if one may the (somewhat awkward) title of nobility "Baron Burnett of Maldon, of Maldon in the County of Essex" has been conferred upon him "for life, so long as he lives, so long as he does not die". he lives, so long as he has not yet died". As Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, Burnett occupies the highest highest appointable judgeship in the land, one of the most respected judges in Britain.

The series of cases with which he has come into contact over the years is as impressive as it is historic: from the Kings Cross fire (1987) to the Southall (1997) and Ladbroke Grove (1999) train accidents to the inquests following the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, and Dodi Al-Fayed. Really great cinema. Burnett was also involved in the overturning of the wrongful convictions of the Guildford Four and the Maguire Seven, Burnett had been involved. In two serious miscarriages of justice, eleven innocent (Northern Irish and English) citizens were FALSE. and English) citizens were falsely accused of being terrorists and sentenced to up to 35 years imprisonment, one of Britain’s biggest judicial scandals. in Britain.

From the Supreme Court, Burnett was promoted to the Court of Appeal as "Lord Justice of Appeal at the Court of Appeal". where he was in charge of extradition cases. and where - here comes 1 rant - he corrected Lauri Love’s first instance extradition order to the US by immediately REVOKING it: Key words: Asperger’s, depression and suicidal tendencies. - normal humanitarian reasons.

In the circle of WikiLeaks sympathisers, the (which can be dramatised from a purely narrative point of view) of Justice Burnett, who, after all, had entered into these as the deus ex machina in a tragedy of antiquity. ancient tragedy, is seen as a good omen. And we too of course WANT to believe that this is something good. the resolution of a soul-crushing conflict through the courageous by the courageous intervention of BLIND goddesses of justice of justice, who finally give the long-awaited final the longed-for final turn of events. HOPE as a principle and OPTIMISM as a strategy, even though both, says Heiner Müller, are only due to a lack of information.

The Swiss international law expert Prof. Dr. Nils Melzer, on the other hand, formulates a depressing thesis. When a judge wants to base his judgement on a precedent decision then he can simply do so. In order to repeat the principle of a decision that has already been made, one does not need the judge who originally made it. THIS judge, according to Melzer, is needed in a case only to REVERSE the principle of a precedent decision. The only one to be overruled by from the legal standard set in the Lauri Love case without being challenged is the one who originally made it: Lord Chief Justice Burnett himself.

