Eleven years and two days


If the US side prevails on appeal, the case will be remanded to the district court where it would have to be heard again. It is well known that it will take months, if not years (again), to get a second trial. to conduct a second trial. trial. Months and years that Assange will need after 4000+ days of unsuspended detention, to be spent with uncertain outcome behind the bars of a British maximum security prison. A nightmare - Footnote 23: Assange spent seven years in a single room (Embassy), then two and a half years in solitary confinement (Belmarsh). Anyone who has had a comparatively ridiculous impression during the Covid curfews of of enforced isolation, imagine that for a second.

If the appeal is rejected, Assange would (theoretically) be the free man he (theoretically) was after 11 years. man he (theoretically) should have been for the last 11 years. for the last 11 years.

Unless, of course, the US decides to reopen Assange’s case. freshly rolled up and brought to trial anew, as James Lewis actually threatened to do at the end of the trial. James Lewis towards the end of the trial.

Unless the USA decides to appeal to the highest, most the very highest, the very last and the very most exclusive British SUPREME COURT. This is independent enough to simply refuse to take on the case, which would then be the end of the matter. the matter would then be settled once and for all. This will not happen because it would be seen as an open affront and a (political) declaration of war, which is why it would be for the (non-political) Supreme Court to give the United the United States a (highly) personally requested judgement. (highly) personally requested review of the judgement.

In this case, too, Assange would spend months, if not years, of his life behind bars, if not years of his life behind Hellmarsh’s bars. Hellmarsh.

SO or SO or SO, the most devastating realisation remains that - even if the realisation remains that - even if in this absurd spectacle Assange’s extradition is (still) averted in this absurd spectacle - the CENTRAL QUESTIONS connected with this case, which is paradigmatic for the constitutionality of our public sphere, will remain unanswered in the end. remain. Unnegotiated before Her Majesty’s Court of Majesty’s Court of Appeal - and un-negotiated by the public concerned.

For SO or SO or SO it is and remains a mystery, that our society has allowed such a blatant attack on the cornerstones of its polity, on the principles of democracy, free press, transparency and accountability - and, not least, to the international and, last but not least, to the international order. as a common possum. Footnote 24 - The possum mimics the physiological characteristics of death by lowering its body temperature, heartbeat and respiratory rate and no longer responding to the environment.

For an old hand like Bertolt Brecht, ALL THAT, of course, could be the fabulous template for the most instructive of all time - about YOU and US and the necessity of and the necessity of ACTION in the face of a public ORDER whose monstrous dysfunctionalities have only been made possible by our tacit consent. Have become possible.

