A self-contained system of understanding

Quoting Prof. Dr. Nils Melzer:
"Practically nothing about this case remains that could still be legal."
End of quote.

The legal case that has grown around the founder of WikiLeaks over eleven gruelling years, partly artificially, partly organically, shows - apart from all the logical-argumentative in itself - has such a density of legal monstrosities, that one involuntarily feels for for something DISTURBING, e.g. vigils with tea lights. for example, vigils with tea lights and anguished singing or some civil rights activists forming a melancholy semicircle around an emergency call column.

A look at the reports of the UN Special Envoy on torture, Nils Melzer, who as a Swiss expert in international law who, as a Swiss expert in international law, is anything but a layman when it comes to an expert assessment of legal procedures, is sufficient to the extent of the monstrosities with which constitutional states like that states under the rule of law such as Sweden and the USA have taken against Assange. Although all the proceedings brought are expertly grounded in legal legal arguments, means and procedures have been used that have pushed all known principles of the rule of law to the limit. principles of the rule of law have been strained to the utmost, if not if not annulled.

In response to the suspicions that arose as a result of the authorities, which for over a decade falsely accused Assange the stigma of "rapist" for more than a decade, we cannot go into detail about them. they are a chapter (or rather a book) in themselves and can be found in Nils Melzer, who has studied this (separate) case long and hard. who has studied this (separate) case long and extensively: "The Case of Julian Assange. History of a Persecution".

Subjective note from the Swedish authorities Here, then, is just the abridged version of the indescribable madness that an ordinary person can encounter in the Kafkaesque labyrinth of our judicial systems, once he or she is once he has got into it. While he was in Stockholm Assange had sexual intercourse with two women in August 2010. Assange had sexual intercourse with two women in August 2010. It was clearly consensual, that has never been and is not in question. The women knew each other, exchanged text messages and began to worry about a possible HIV infection. HIV infection. The year is 2010, and both had consensual sex with Assange. with Assange had been unprotected. They demand Assange to take an HIV test, which he refuses to take, and you and wonder whether he could not be required by the authorities to take a test. They go to the police. No, they find out, they don’t we don’t have that. Here there is only "rape", is that what you want? is that what they want? The women decidedly don’t want that - but nevertheless the whole thing goes on in some obscure official official course. Later on, even more stupid police officers will appear will appear in this harebrained story and a (comical) and a (comical) Swedish prosecutor, who together will cause will cause the trouble that will eventually force Assange into the into the Ecuadorian embassy. No charges of rape were ever brought against Assange. It would have been difficult to substantiate, because there never was a rape. And if even those, who are listed in a file as victims of a crime deny that the crime ever happened, then it becomes really difficult. really difficult. (Even for the nastiest prosecutor in all of Sweden.)

An impressive demonstration was thus given by the legal states involved of how the legitimacy of a concrete request, of a legal from the level of legal unambiguity into an opaque realm of legal into an opaque realm of legal aesthetics of reception, without triggering street parades of outraged democrats.

Beyond the concrete case of Assange, there may be a meta-judicial the meta-juridical necessity to reflect on the (structural) instrumentalisability of the legal legal systems of constitutional states. Or about the various forms of presentation of their contemporary alienability.

Or about the disturbing realisation that not only the not only the United States, but also Great Britain and Sweden have long been working to shield their governments from the public. governments from the public by creating a by defining a "betrayal of secrets" that is exclusively "betrayal of secrets" as a criminal offence. as a criminal offence in their codes. And thus immunise government action from the only authority that gives it any legitimacy at all. that gives it any legitimacy at all, namely from us, before you, before the citizens who put them in power.

If such authoritarian irrationalisms now begin to permeate our legal texts begin to permeate our legal texts (or their readings), then the basic legitimation pattern of modern democracies is itself turned upside down, for (thoroughly contingent) reasons of justification (entirely (thoroughly contingent) justifications of (entirely) accidental rulers into a legal system that was specifically constructed constructed specifically to put a stop to arbitrary rule by the authorities. arbitrariness.

If our or your children live in a future society in which convicted criminals go unpunished, but instead it has become a criminal offence to tell the truth about criminals, then it is time for us to take action. about criminals has become a crime, then please do not say please do not say that you did not know about it.

And if our legal system, by virtue of its own peculiar laws, were to produce not more law but its exact opposite, then the basic principles that are constitutive of our social order would be lost. principles that are constitutive of our social order would in the end be reduced to a rather ridiculous to a rather ridiculous staircase joke in the history of democracy.

Anyone who has spent more than 3 minutes with Julian Assange and WikiLeaks knows what this trial is REALLY about. what this trial is REALLY about. Every one of the observers who have travelled here know it, every journalist journalist, every taciturn courtroom lamp, stenographer and oak door. and oak door. Julian Assange himself knows it, of course anyway, as do the WikiLeaks staff, the human rights organisations and journalists’ associations. The prosecutors know it just as well as the defence lawyers. The judges, court clerks and file clerks know it too. In this and that and every conceivable judicial instance. All present know very well know exactly what questions are actually on trial here - and that and that they have just as little to do with psychological reports just as they have nothing to do with prison conditions, diplomatic assurances or the risk of suicide.

If they all now spend hour after hour in this highly artificial showroom of the British administration of justice, and with petty lecturing (and the hair-splitting dissection of a hair-splitting dissection of details on the record). rhetoric battles, SPEAKING ABOUT without touching on the ONE CENTRAL QUESTION that EVERYONE knows is at stake. then the whole procedure (finally) has the features of a WITTGENST the traits of a WITTGENSTEIN SPEECH GAME. language game.

A language game in which Julian Assange, WikiLeaks, freedom of the press, democracy and we, all the others, about which and whose social and legal order is at stake are basically only OBSERVERS. Observers who are (wig-wearing) observers in the execution of their own language game, which in its main part is simply NOTHING and, at least as Wittgenstein at least, describes it, nothing else other than a "self-contained system of understanding".
