Addendum 3 - Legal Joke from the Early Modern Period

The Court, on the other hand, states that any diplomatic US diplomatic assurances must, of course, be accepted unconditionally. be accepted unconditionally. Not because there is any factual or historical EVIDENCE for it (which does not even exist), but out of a romantic need. which does not exist), but out of a romantic need for for TRANScendence. A given assurance, according to Holroyde, in fact establishes - and we quote - a "sacred enterprise" between ONE "venerable state" and the undoubted venerability of of ANY "other"32.

Kudos, Holroyde. (Pardon: wig.) THAT is what we call a a REALLY FUNNY JUX from the early modern era, and with Modern Times, and we really know about OLD JOKES. With the same text, this time-machine-angry judge here would probably also extradite Jamal Khashoggi to Saudi Arabia, Can Dündar to Turkey and the Can Dündar to Turkey and the first self-earned daler to Gundel Gaukeley: Legal apparatuses of honourable states (among themselves). Colourfully fits this sinister justification still fits excellently with the the solid wood panelling, velvet hangings and that disgusting disgusting amalgam of self-adhesive dust layer and late-colonial late colonial ceiling rosettes - but that is, of course, only in the margins.

On a completely different fringe (counter) we once briefly about the dignified concept of "dignity" in its ideologically abysmal combination with such an honourable such an honourable figure of thought as "honour". and came to the conclusion (already at the first beer) that this thing called "Assooonj" (Holroyde) is not superior to this thing called "United States" in both disciplines. (Holroyde) is clearly superior to this thing called "United States" in both disciplines. (But that too, of course, only in passing. margin.)

A (supposedly) independent and (through and through) (thoroughly) apolitical supreme court declares the (factually) repeatedly falsified assertion of a (state) litigant to be a Newtonian law of nature. Not, of course, without taking into account its own his own logico-philosophical, VERY FUCKED UP treatise. According to this a statement must be TRUE or (even only) REAL, not because it is true (or probable) in itself, but only because it is true (or probable). probable), but merely because there is a pathologically prepotent nag who insists on the truth of this the truth of this statement. The nag here is the most untrustworthy government of all the united states of the world, whose CONVENED "assurances" (in extradition proceedings) can easily be counted by any one-armed man on his missing hand. hand.

Holroyde even goes one step further. He folds District Judge Baraitser neatly and according to the rules (once lengthwise, twice crosswise, diagonally he has diagonally), because she failed to cooperate in a proper manner with the honourable prosecution, as was her judicial duty. her judicial duty. In his view, Baraitser should have informed the US side BEFORE the verdict was pronounced, that they might LOSE the extradition proceedings. This was in order to give the USA the opportunity to WIN the case after all.

Kiss my ass. Either we were really drunk all the time in civics (FRG) or THIS is really the most revolutionary plate shift of all the traditional traditional principles of procedure in the (western) world - at least since Malcolm McLaren, Grandmaster Flash and the invention of TEKTONICS.

Since when, if you’ll pardon the expression, does a court have ONE SIDE to point out that, as things stand, things are somehow bad for them? And since when does it have to (even imperatively ensure that the same side, after delivering a after the delivery of a legally completely insignificant diplomatic seal, the same side can (finally) turn the procedural rules drama in its favour in Act 5? in its favour?

The substantial (surplus) value of such an appeal judgement for the universal principles of universal democracy and legal system of the universal system of democracy and law would be a serious constitutional lawyer would not even dare to estimate it while drunk. We estimate it to be the menu price of $1.99. Plus the cost of one Diet Coke.

Tragically, even this has a silken thread, to which all incorrigible right-wing optimists had pinned their hopes has now, WITH A BIG BANG. back into the primordial state of compassionless nothingness. The hope-distorted idea, namely, that the abrupt emergence of Lord Chief Justice Ian Burnett might (or (or should) in the end breathe into this botched case something like the the immaculate conception of (objective) legal principles and (jurisprudentially unscientific) justice.

We would imagine that the highest judge in of Great Britain knows quite well what this bold judgement (in truth) is all about - and that it clearly goes beyond the LIMES33, this 550 km long border that separates the civilised world with its higher legal system from the lousy life in the in the BARBARICUM. (Sensibly, Burnett has not even come to listen to the misery of his hurried reading).

The case against Assange was totally stupid from the start. for it was, according to its ostensible legal grounds, recognisably not legally but politically humorous motivated. but politically humorous. Anyone who once again LIVELY (Cinemascope, Technicolor, (Cinemascope, Technicolour, Dolby Surround), he will, to his will find to his secret dismay (and open horror) that the judgement of the Court of Appeal was appallingly well-suited to the intrinsic character of these entire proceedings. Rule of LawSmiley.

Should ANYONE in the UK dare to, against the Polish legal system again, they’ll get a smack in the mouth. That unpleasant Oxford boy with a head wig made from discarded Mops, for example.

Lord Vader, at any rate, is still highly satisfied. He reads out the verdict (here) audibly for his own enjoyment and with a stilted arrogance that he would would NEVER conceal. After all, it was he after all, it was he who had caused the most borderline degenerate of these proceedings. The psychotic JURIST’S PINGPONG had been SENSELESS in every respect, for it had not contributed in the slightest to the overturning of the first instance judgment. However, if its purpose was to exert a subtle influence on the content of the public reporting, then the manoeuvre then the manoeuvre has long since paid off (several times over). All the terse news reports34 were almost exclusively about (psychological) expert opinions, (simulated) clinical pictures and (private personal) details. (private personal) details. WHOLE AND NOT revolved around the entirety of the of the - journalistically and legally much more fruitful - LEGAL PROBLEMS, which are caused by the prospect of a unfair, inadmissible or even political proceedings, the stupendous the stupendous omnipresence of conditions of detention that conditions of imprisonment, the varieties of psychological torture and finally the traditional implausibility of of diplomatic assurances by the USA. had been raised. Game, set and match, my lord.

If now, in any case, our supreme courts, conceived as independent, are already beginning to feel more obliged to "honourable states" than to the defence of those to whom they are entrusted. than to the defence of the legal principles, procedural principles or those ultimately not so difficult to grasp. not so difficult to grasp (Platonic) idea of JUSTICE. idea of JUSTICE, then we can pack our bags.

Because this separation of powers thing was never really meant to be.

Don’t mention the war!
As was only revealed after the verdict was handed down, Assange suffered a (apparently stress-induced) brain stroke at the start of the first day of the trial, while he was forced to attend the cultivated little hobby cellar dissection of his own mental state from an eight-square-metre padded cell, without having the slightest opportunity to intervene in the (legal) event presented to him. Even after a neurological bolt of lightning had struck his head head, he was still kept in (in the face of) this great moment of modern kitchen psychology (£800/hr.).(800 pounds/hr.) - he was still kept in (the permanently prescribed) RIGID TOLERANCE.

Some anonymous judicial anarchist should put a montage of this insane court farce on the internet, perhaps under the title "Collateral Murder - Reloaded"35.

A medical examination under the aegis of Nils Melzer, still Special Rapporteur of the United Nations, concluded that Assange was (and is) continuously subjected to WHITE TORTURE. is). This torture, which is difficult to prove and (also for this reason) of all forms of torture is aimed at the squeaky-clean dissection of the psyche of a target - and is therefore ideally suited for states (and housewives) who know how hard it is to get those nasty little blood splatters out of a white (summer) waistcoat EVER again. vest. That psychological torture sooner or later to physical failure symptoms, which in turn can lead to death, is a fact that is firmly taken into account. When Nils Melzer states that the United Kingdom is literally torture Assange to death, this is not even half as exaggerated as the not even half as exaggerated as it might sound (to you and us out here).

In any case, we’d like to try out a few of their wig-wearers in return for all the British bullshit here. a few of their wig wearers here on a trial basis. For in the event that Assange is in the hands of English- or of English- or American-speaking law enforcement agencies... or American-speaking law enforcement agencies, we would have a far less absurd a far less absurd lawsuit in the quiver than these rookies from the USA. How about ASSISTANCE TO MURDER, My Lords. Holroyde and Burnett we would have after a after a 1789-day show trial, which they (alternately) from the passport control and baggage queues at BER, we would acquaint them in detail with our own CALIBER of ancient enforcement practices: Goose-step forward, tighten robe bottoms & a few dozen right-wing cane strokes, voilà. According to all the rules of colonial pedagogy and (German) art.

And don’t you dare mention the war.
