Addendum 4 - Don’t mention the war!

As was only revealed after the verdict was handed down, Assange suffered a (apparently stress-induced) brain stroke at the start of the first day of the trial, while he was forced to attend the cultivated little hobby cellar dissection of his own mental state from an eight-square-metre padded cell, without having the slightest opportunity to intervene in the (legal) event presented to him. Even after a neurological bolt of lightning had struck his head head, he was still kept in (in the face of) this great moment of modern kitchen psychology (£800/hr.).(800 pounds/hr.) - he was still kept in (the permanently prescribed) RIGID TOLERANCE.

Some anonymous judicial anarchist should put a montage of this insane court farce on the internet, perhaps under the title "Collateral Murder - Reloaded"35.

A medical examination under the aegis of Nils Melzer, still Special Rapporteur of the United Nations, concluded that Assange was (and is) continuously subjected to WHITE TORTURE. is). This torture, which is difficult to prove and (also for this reason) of all forms of torture is aimed at the squeaky-clean dissection of the psyche of a target - and is therefore ideally suited for states (and housewives) who know how hard it is to get those nasty little blood splatters out of a white (summer) waistcoat EVER again. vest. That psychological torture sooner or later to physical failure symptoms, which in turn can lead to death, is a fact that is firmly taken into account. When Nils Melzer states that the United Kingdom is literally torture Assange to death, this is not even half as exaggerated as the not even half as exaggerated as it might sound (to you and us out here).

In any case, we’d like to try out a few of their wig-wearers in return for all the British bullshit here. a few of their wig wearers here on a trial basis. For in the event that Assange is in the hands of English- or of English- or American-speaking law enforcement agencies... or American-speaking law enforcement agencies, we would have a far less absurd a far less absurd lawsuit in the quiver than these rookies from the USA. How about ASSISTANCE TO MURDER, My Lords. Holroyde and Burnett we would have after a after a 1789-day show trial, which they (alternately) from the passport control and baggage queues at BER, we would acquaint them in detail with our own CALIBER of ancient enforcement practices: Goose-step forward, tighten robe bottoms & a few dozen right-wing cane strokes, voilà. According to all the rules of colonial pedagogy and (German) art.

And don’t you dare mention the war.
