Addendum

Quoting Berthold Brecht (from Live of Galilei)
„I tell you: He who does not know the truth is merely a fool. But whoever knows it and calls it a lie is a criminal!”


Addendum 1 - 17 hours and 43 minutes

Nobody knows anything. Until Thursday afternoon, 4 p.m. 32, when the High Court ANNOUNCES the imminence of its appeal judgment: Friday morning, 10 a.m. 15 a.m.25.

When a court - contrary to all its previous custom - announces something will not be done in two, four or nine and a half fucking weeks. but in exactly 17 hours and 43 minutes, then one can ASSUME that the court ASSUMES that no one in the world will be able to arrive on time. will be able to get there in time.

For its exquisite little SPEAKING GAME, which the British judicial system here anyway only does for the purpose of(its own) SELF-CONSTITUTION, it has no use for the PER SE, it has no use for spectators. Not even now, when, after 42 days (and nights) of excessive introspection, pararealistic legal retreats and passionless STUDY OF JUSTICE comes on stage once again to commemorate the day of the of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights26 to play this to play this one last PAYMENT. (Applause.)

Julian Assange (himself) would have been anything but an ordinary spectator, and the 18 km from Hellmarsh from Hellmarsh to the London High Court in the advised, bloody SPORTIVE time span, even on a Bobby-Car, if one had been foisted on him. had one been foisted on him. Whose LEGAL STATE UNDERSTANDING is it supposed to be that a defendant can neither attend the trial nor the final hearing? even PARTICIPATE in the trial nor in the final pronouncement of the verdict, we (reassuringly) can no longer think of.27 On (explicit) of the court, Assange’s ADVOCATES have also been expressis verbis DISMISSED, legal remedies (categorically) excluded, submissions and enquiries (already in advance). Soso, you fools. (Then let’s have a thunderous applause.)

No public, no accused, no lawyers. Not even a Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales. Only the shadow of Ludwig Wittgenstein has come (cellar door) - and of course Lord Vader, that Justice Holroyde, who remained silent for two days of the trial. for two days of the trial. His immature vow of silence might never have been worth worth anything, 42 days later it is history: HE SPEAKS. In the name of the highest, deepest, first, last, oldest and most recent judgement. And also that PER SE speaks only to himself.



