Addendum 2 - Lord Judge (at) McDonalds

We just about managed to tune in via an unstable online connection. Fortunately, the video link shows nothing but a deep black TEST PICTURE and thus spares us the (repeated) of this smug wig-wearer, who we remembered far too vividly anyway28.

The TONSPUR, on the other hand, does not spare us. The judicial recitative is most reminiscent in its reproving tone of one of those (aesthetically/literary/ethically, please tick) somewhat precarious employee speeches by the SHIFT LEADER in an American fast-food restaurant. American fast food restaurant. Holroyde takes takes (after all) a whole NINE MINUTES to explain a two and a half years of proceedings, which in terms of inner, legal-philosophical, socio-political intricacy that could hardly be surpassed by any other, to its to its most brutal possible conclusion: The extradition of Julian Assange is lawful, says the guy,(and that’s that.

The two US grounds of appeal that Holroyde has HIGHLY still allowed to go to trial, thus turning the appeal into a brain-busting PSYCHOTRIP, are dismissed in their entirety. The High Court thus recognises everything that had been established about the condition of Julian Assange and its devastatingly increasingly devastating havoc. Well, I’ll be. On behalf of all people who remain capable of empathy we would like to thank you once again for this foul-smelling slaughter of senseless violations of personality, for which his lordship has used the legal authority that has fallen to him. has used.

Holroyde thinks that such a thing as this "Assooonj" is quite suitable for legal export, and why not? In Her Majesty’s commercial legislation, one has not been able to discover any legal provision to the contrary, certainly not in the the associated treaties of the born idiot Boris Johnson. As a result, the dangerous goods could be shipped overland, and perhaps that would even be LUSTIG, which is at least what contemporary cartoon heroes have statements of contemporary cartoon heroes point to without a doubt. Carefully cushion, wrap and wrap up wrap (we recommend: the latest printed edition of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights), plenty of bubble wrap to fill the cavity, another sticker on it ("fragile/broken"): DONE!

Properly packaged, the man could be delivered without hesitation, by return of post. Not because he (in in an extraditable condition (see above), but because the extremely trustworthy (according to SCHUFA?) government of the USA has and the associated legal-logistical service ordered it and the associated legal-logistical service29. From the terse, to this daredevil (and only the politically illiterate can interpret it as "apolitical") as "apolitical"), it quickly becomes clear that Holroyde is hell-bent on not only REMEMBERING THIS, but basically EVERYONE at all. but basically EVERY US government that can be REMEMBERED or PRESENTED at all, the full benefit of the doubt of his first-grade heart. Not because the respective US government personnel are actually trustworthy in any way (see below), but because they are the personnel of the (United States) government. United States government.

You can see a rather amusing prejudice at work here. at work, lawyers (or spoilsports) call such a thing a PREJUDICE. Not only is it as tough as British Steel, it also but it also has a (hammer-like) resounding side effect (cranial pain) on every jurisdiction it by handing the same (self-picked) bouquet of laurels unseen to a RANDOM occupant of the White House as to every other government whistle-blower before, after and beside him: the (convicted) war. him: the (convicted) warmonger and full of shit George Bush (I. & II.), the (convicted) liar Colin Powell, the (convicted) war criminals Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger, the (convicted) arms dealer arms dealer Ronald Reagan, the (convicted) master honcho Donald Trump as well as his (overweight) torturer Fatty THE NUT Pompeo as well as an (alleged)(alleged) Democrat with the first name "Joe".

With regard to the three remaining grounds of appeal, the US side was found to be in the RIGHT - with a justification that - THAT’S RIGHT! which - THE GODS KNOW - cannot have taken much more (legal) time for reflection than the preparation of a meal. than the preparation of a hamburger Royal TS. In their "diplomatic assurance", which was quickly drawn up especially for the appeal proceedings "diplomatic assurance"30 the USA had (allegedly) firmly promised Great Britain that the contents of the expected consignment of goods after their (delivery) in a proper and legal storage relationship.

This assurance, 42 days later, has still not become(become) any less CERTAIN than it had always been. Not only is it still absolutely legally non-binding and of an almost beastly self-contradiction (in terms of propositional logic), but but above all it stands - still - in an endless series of similar endless series of similar "assurances" that the USA (demonstrably) (demonstrably) given to third countries, but (equally demonstrably) third countries (demonstrably) again and again, but (equally demonstrably) again and again broken.

According to Amnesty International, those "US assurances" are UNBELIEVABLE to such a disturbing degree that (for consumer protection reasons alone) their repackaging should be marked with some kind of warning with some kind of grossly apodictic warning31, in the in the antisocial media, such a thing would be outlawed (as the dissemination of FAKE NEWS), banned and deleted within minutes. Because Assange, according to Amnesty, would be USA, he would of course be exposed to psychological torture, an end to all prosecutions and his immediate release are more urgent than ever. We assume assume that an organisation such as this one would have some idea of what it was talking about.., when it comes to a conclusion as clear and alarming as this.

Substantial Note from The Meaning of Life, Part VII (1983) Shut up, you Americans! You always talk, you Americans, you talk and you talk and you say ‘Let me tell you something’ and ‘I just wanna say this.’ Well, you’re dead now, so shut up.
