Addendum 5 - Court authority bingo ‘til the end of time

Quote:
"Is there anyone else up there we can talk to? No! Now get out of here or I’ll shout ‘God shave the Queen’!" 

Gradually, it becomes difficult to navigate the labyrinthine traffic network of legal routes that are still permitted on a case-by-case basis, -(failure) steps and all their official interchanges. Let us recapitulate as follows: The Court of Appeal formally remits the case to the District Court by its decision. back to the district court. The judicial novice Baraitser is ordered, as punishment for her blatant her own handwritten judgement (from January) as punishment for her blatant error of judgement ("extradition refused"). and then immediately hand the matter over to the British Home Office for further realisation (parcel stamp). That Home Secretary Priti Patel is a really tough Thatcherite dog, Excuse me: a bitch, we probably already mentioned. Besides that, she is the female island edition of of Andi B. Scheuert: a personified overconfidence and a notorious idiot, that cow has ever touched has ever turned out even remotely well.

The only appeal the defence can now make against this appeal judgment36 is to the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom, which, of course, will be loath to voluntarily tie such a toxic time bomb to its leg. If the masochist faction of the Supreme Court justices and the case is accepted for trial, there will be a and the case is accepted for trial, a(these days) quite simple, if latently unlawful, arithmetic will come into play: already four of the of the twelve Supreme Court justices already owe their to Boris Johnson, and two more will follow in January 2022. 2022. How the Assange case would be decided under such conditions can be calculated without hesitation. Which in turn points to a truly disturbing fact that European law scholars and political scientists have been referring to the British legal system and its and the erosion of the British legal system - vehemently promoted by Johnson. NO LONGER only of a preliminary stage of POLISH RELATIONS. Without any joke.

With or without a lap of honour via the Supreme Court THE CASE will thereafter be passed once again through the established chain of available legal venues. First back to the District Court, where the defence, in time before being forwarded to the (overpriced) eyebrows of Priti Patel, is now in turn appealing the which in terms of content and argumentation does not adhere to a traditionally substantive not on a traditionally substance-free script from the from the USA, but on the defence’s own grounds of appeal.

Until all those who are still alive then meet one rainy morning in Court Room Four of the Court of Appeal one rainy morning. weeks, months or decades will have passed. will have passed. Weeks, months and decades that Julian Assange - still completely without legal justification - in the in a single room of a British maximum security prison. It cannot be often enough: While in the dusty law rooms out there, with a grave gesture, an ever more abstruse GERICH an ever more abstruse JURISDICTION BINGO the imprisonment of Julian Assange is still not the least bit Assange still has not the slightest legal basis. In the state under the rule of law, which is holding him here, there is that is holding him here, there is (still) not the slightest against him. Nothing, nothing, niente, nada, niets, rien. Really not the slightest thing.

Meanwhile, a (faceless and spineless) US diplomat is said to have revealed behind his gloved hand, that the United States does not seriously expect ever get Assange on the REASON and GROUND that they have which, after 500 years, they now brazenly call their own. That is not the goal at all, the SECRETARY allegedly insists, because the the satisfaction offered according to early modern standards could also be obtained much more inconspicuously, much more quietly and much more casually: "We’ll keep him in the courts ‘til the end of time. the courts ‘til the end of time."

It looks like this could really work.

