Addendum 6 - Final Frontal Lobe Attack

As if there needed to be a (final) punchline to the extradition of Julian Assange, here it is.

The (completely non-political) Supreme Court of the (flawless) constitutional state of Poland, er, pardon: Great Britain seals the extradition of an Australian (!) journalist (!) on the basis of a us-American (?) espionage law (?) of 1917 (?) and the lie (!) of an Icelandic (?) paedophile (!).

Meanwhile, the president of the EU Commission understandably has no time to comment on this final frontal lobe attack on the fundamental values of our social order.

She is sitting together with the transatlantic retro-president Joe Biden at a cynically convened called the "Summit for Democracy" to hear Biden, who has demonstrated this crime in an exemplary way with Assange as an example of the criminalisation of a of a publicist and the associated perversion of law & democracy could be stopped immediately,(if he wanted to) the same empty phrases as always.

For example, those: "As a global community for democracy, we must stand up for the values that unite us." Or the: "We must stand up for justice and the rule of law, for freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom of the press, for all the inherent human rights of every individual."

That Biden, while reading out such phrases, clings to the criminal idea of sentencing a publicist to 175 years in to 175 years imprisonment for doing nothing but publishing the truth about US war crimes is a contradiction that may strike you out there, but not the chief executive. out there, but not the head of your EU Commission.

With this seemingly innate debutante attitude of hers, which (real) actors despise as "overacting" and therefore habitually and is therefore habitually avoided, vonderähmLeyen could, at any time, artfully hollow phrases from the presidential handbook.

For example, those: "Democracy cannot function without a free and independent media. We must protect journalists at all costs." Or the: "Information is a public good. We must protect those those who create transparency - the journalists."

At the latest THIS passage of that FIEBERTRAUM of antique drama heroes would REALLY know EVERYONE who talks about SO ETWAS37 have never thought in detail about - we, you, Wittgenstein, Vader, even Biden and vonderLeyen themselves - that in truth NOTHING here is even remotely even remotely as it sounded to you out there (and to us).(and us).

A political logic that destroys from the inside the goal under whose name it from within, no longer points to a desirable state of society. to a desirable state of society, but to the starting point (hopeless) of a Sophoclean tragedy (hopeless).

And as if it still needed a SPEAKING PLAY on the disintegration of our polity, well, yes. That could be be.
